Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. 
The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. 
The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.
Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company.
A day without  laughter is a day wasted.
Ever notice how 'What the hell' is always the right answer?
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. 
Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.
We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be.
May you live every day of your life.
You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts.
Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is.
It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!
If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign?
A human being is a part of the whole called by us universe, a part limited in time and space. 
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible.
Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something.
Simplicity, patience, compassion.
These three are your greatest treasures.
Simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being.
Patient with both friends and enemies,you accord with the way things are.
Compassionate toward yourself,you reconcile all beings in the world.
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.
You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. 
Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it.
Fantasy is escapist, and that is its glory. 
If a soldier is imprisioned by the enemy, don't we consider it his duty to escape?. . .
We are all atheists about most of the gods that humanity has ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further.
Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
The past has no power over the present moment.
A woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it.
A truth that's told with bad intentBeats all the lies you can invent.
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. 
Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.
The easy confidence with which I know another man's religion is folly teaches me to suspect that my own is also.
Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard, are sweeter
When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago.
A concept is a brick. It can be used to build a courthouse of reason. Or it can be thrown through the window.
You only live twice:Once when you're bornAnd once when you look death in the face.
Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know.
Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people we personally dislike.
Let children read whatever they want and then talk about it with them. 
If parents and kids can talk together, we won't have as much censorship because we won't have as much fear.
I was within and without. Simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life.
I must say a word about fear. 
It is life's only true opponent. 
Only fear can defeat life. 
It is a clever, treacherous adversary, how well I know. 
It has no decency, respects no law or convention, shows no mercy. 
It goes for your weakest spot, which it finds with unnerving ease. 
It begins in your mind, always ... 
so you must fight hard to express it. 
You must fight hard to shine the light of words upon it. 
The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men.
If you win, you need not have to explain...If you lose, you should not be there to explain!
It is easy in the world to live after the world's opinion; 
it is easy in solitude to live after our own; 
but the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude.
Sometimes I lie awake at night and I ask, "Is life a multiple choice test or is it a true or false test?" ...
Then a voice comes to me out of the dark and says, "We hate to tell you this but life is a thousand word essay.
We are addicted to our thoughts. We cannot change anything if we cannot change our thinking.
A serious and good philosophical work could be written consisting entirely of jokes.
I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think
It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams because they grow old, they grow old because they stop pursuing dreams.
If you're going to kick authority in the teeth, you might as well use two feet.
You didn't kill him. 
He would have killed you, but you didn't kill him.""
So? He was stupid. If I killed everyone who was stupid, I wouldn't have time to sleep.
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.
The important thing is not to stop questioning.  Curiosity has its own reason for existing.
Let's think the unthinkable, let's do the undoable. 
Let us prepare to grapple with the ineffable itself, and see if we may not eff it after all.
It is an ironic habit of human beings to run faster when they have lost their way.
Music is ... A higher revelation than all Wisdom 
A paranoid is someone who knows a little of what's going on. 
I would believe only in a God that knows how to dance.
Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality.
An intellectual? 
Yes. 
And never deny it. 
An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself. 
I like this, because I am happy to be both halves, the watcher and the watched. "
Can they be brought together?" 
This is a practical question. We must get down to it. "I despise intelligence" really means: "I cannot bear my doubts.
Expect everything, I always say, and the unexpected never happens.
Nothing was ever in tune. 
Tiger got to hunt, bird got to fly;
Man got to sit and wonder 'why, why, why?'Tiger got to sleep, bird got to land;Man got to tell himself he understand.
The legitimate powers of government extend to such acts only as are injurious to others. 
It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no god. 
It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.
The true man wants two things: danger and play. For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous plaything.
I shall look at you out of the corner of my eye, and you will say nothing. 
Words are the source of misunderstandings." -from the Fox-
The smallest minority on earth is the individual. 
Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities.
Is it possible, in the final analysis, for one human being to achieve perfect understanding of another?
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.
Whether you live to be 50 or 100 makes no difference, if you made no difference in the world.
The day the power of love overrules the love of power, the world will know peace.
Be like water making its way through cracks. 
Do not be assertive, but adjust to the object, and you shall find a way around or through it. 
If nothing within you stays rigid, outward things will disclose themselves. 
Empty your mind, be formless. 
Shapeless, like water. 
If you put water into a cup, it becomes the cup. 
You put water into a bottle and it becomes the bottle. 
You put it in a teapot, it becomes the teapot. Now, water can flow or it can crash. Be water, my friend.
Well, I must endure the presence of a few caterpillars if I wish to become acquainted with the butterflies.
The first duty of a man is to think for himself
You do not write your life with words...
You write it with actions.  What you think is not important.  It is only important what you do.
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than they who produce them; 
for these only gave them life, those the art of living well.
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible.
I don't deserve a soul, yet I still have one. I know because it hurts.
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.
If it turns out that there is a God...the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever.
Happiness consists in frequent repetition of pleasure
Time is a game played beautifully by children.
I know that pain is the most important thing in the universes. 
Greater than survival, greater than love, greater even than the beauty it brings about. 
For without pain, there can be no pleasure. 
Without sadness, there can be no happiness. 
Without misery there can be no beauty. 
And without these, life is endless, hopeless, doomed and damned. Adult. You have become adult.
Do not go gentle into that good night,Old age should burn and rave at close of day;
Rage, rage against the dying of the light.
No! Try not. Do, or do not. There is no try.
belief is the death of intelligence.
No one should ever ask themselves that: why am I unhappy? 
The question carries within it the virus that will destroy everything. 
If we ask that question, it means we want to find out what makes us happy. 
If you understand others you are smart.
If you understand yourself you are illuminated.
If you overcome others you are powerful.
If you overcome yourself you have strength.
If you know how to be satisfied you are rich.
If you can act with vigor, you have a will.
If you don't lose your objectives you can be long-lasting.If you die without loss, you are eternal.
Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I’ve said before, bugs in amber.
Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. 
What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? 
Take it easy, but take it.
It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather, we should thank God that such men lived.
One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. 
Two, never give up work. 
Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it.  
Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away.
On the whole human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time.
She said, "It's not life or death, the labyrinth.""
Um, okay. 
So what is it?""
Suffering," she said. "
Doing wrong and having wrong things happen to you. 
That's the problem. 
Bolivar was talking about the pain, not about the living or dying. 
How do you get out of the labyrinth of suffering?... 
Nothing's wrong. 
But there's always suffering, Pudge. 
Homework or malaria or having a boyfriend who lives far away when there's a good-looking boy lying next to you. 
Suffering is universal. It's the one thing Buddhists, Christians, and Muslims are all worried about.
You show me a capitalist, and I'll show you a bloodsucker
But the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses. 
They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright brothers. 
But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown.
The philosophers have only interpreted the world, in various ways. 
The point, however, is to change it.[These words are also inscribed upon his grave]
I don't want to be a tree; I want to be its meaning.
Some people talk in their sleep. Lecturers talk while other people sleep
Things do not change; we change.
Stop feeling sorry for yourself and you will be happy.
Feathers filled the small room. 
Our laughter kept the feathers in the air. 
I thought about birds. Could they fly is there wasn't someone, somewhere, laughing?
People know what they do; 
frequently they know why they do what they do; but what they don't know is what what they do does.
Do not train a child to learn by force or harshness; 
Man is a mystery.  
It needs to be unravelled, and if you spend your whole life unravelling it, don't say that you've wasted time.  
I am studying that mystery because I want to be a human being.
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding... 
If you only had 48 hours left to live, would you spend it like you normally spend your weekends? 
If not, why spend 2/7th of your life wasting your free time? 
After all, free time isn’t free. 
Free time is the most expensive time you have, because nobody pays for it but you. 
But that also makes it the most valuable time you have, as you alone stand to reap the profits from spending it wisely.
The journey is what brings us happiness not the destination.
Man is always prey to his truths. Once he has admitted them, he cannot free himself from them.
No single event can awaken within us a stranger whose existence we had never suspected. To live is to be slowly born.
Devotion to the truth is the hallmark of morality; 
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong.
Fault always lies in the same place:  with him weak enough to lay blame.
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun.
All knowledge is worth having
We are the hollow menWe are the stuffed menLeaning togetherHeadpiece filled with straw. 
Alas!
It takes three to make love, not two: you, your spouse, and God. 
Without God people only succeed in bringing out the worst in one another. 
Lovers who have nothing else to do but love each other soon find there is nothing else. 
Without a central loyalty life is unfinished.
What you are is God's gift to you, what you become is your gift to God.
The flame that burns Twice as bright burns half as long.
It's no good trying to get rid of your own aloneness. 
You've got to stick to it all your life. 
Only at times, at times, the gap will be filled in. 
At times! 
But you have to wait for the times. 
Accept your own aloneness and stick to it, all your life. 
And then accept the times when the gap is filled in, when they come. But they've got to come. You can't force them.
Like all magnificent things, it's very simple.
I think I am, therefore, I am... I think.
We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged
Fair speech may hide a foul heart.
It may be important to great thinkers to examine the world, to explain and despise it. 
Cinema is the ultimate pervert art. It doesn't give you what you desire - it tells you how to desire.
Dance like it hurts.  Love like you need money.  Work when people are watching. -- Dogbert's Motto
Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center of gravity. 
Don't fight them. Just find a new way to stand.
One of the penalties of refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.
Wisest is she who knows she does not know.
He died that day because his body had served its purpose. 
His soul had done what it came to do, learned what it came to learn, and then was free to leave.
There are no ordinary moments.
There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.
A cult is a religion with no political power.
Perhaps not one religion contains all of the truth of the world.  
Who is John Galt?
Our ability to adapt is amazing. Our ability to change isn't quite as spectacular.
Don't explain your philosophy.  Embody it.
Even a soul submerged in sleep is hard at work  and helps make something of the world.
Choose to be happy. It is what we have all done.
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.
I assess the power of a will by how much resistance, pain, torture it endures and knows how to turn to its advantage
Until an hour before the Devil fell, God thought him beautiful in Heaven.
Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved! 
That is the only reality in the world, all else is folly. It is the one thing we are interested in here.
Even the finest sword plunged into salt water will eventually rust.
If you reveal your secrets to the wind,you should not blame the wind forrevealing them to the trees.
I think it's much more interesting to live not knowing than to have answers which might be wrong. 
The best revenge is not to be like your enemy.
It's not all bad. 
Heightened self-consciousness, apartness, an inability to join in, physical shame and self-loathing—they are not all bad. 
Those devils have been my angels. 
One is not born, but rather becomes, a woman.
Know thyself?  If I knew myself, I'd run away.
If you place your head in a lion's mouth, then you cannot complain one day if he happens to bite it off.
The most perfidious way of harming a cause consists of defending it deliberately with faulty arguments.
The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses.
I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves.
The menu is not the meal.
I never found beauty in longing for the impossible and never found the possible to be beyond my reach.
I think, therefore I'll think.
Only that day dawns to which we are awake. There is more day to dawn. The sun is but a morning star.
Travel is never a matter of money but of courage
All paths are present, always... and we can but choose among them.
No man can reveal to you aught but that which already lies half asleep in the dawning of your knowledge.
To make light of philosophy is to be a true philosopher.
What a waste my life would be without all the beautiful mistakes I've made.
I am a sick man... 
I am a spiteful man.  
I am an unpleasant man.  
I think my liver is diseased.  
However, I don't know beans about my disease, and I am not sure what is bothering me.  
I don't treat it and never have, though I respect medicine and doctors.  
Besides, I am extremely superstitious, let's say sufficiently so to respect medicine.  (
I am educated enough not to be superstitious, but I am.)  
No, I refuse to treat it out of spite.  
You probably will not understand that.  
Well, but I understand it.  
Of course I can't explain to you just whom I am annoying in this case by my spite.  
I am perfectly well aware that I cannot "get even" with the doctors by not consulting them.  
I know better than anyone that I thereby injure only myself and no one else.  
But still, if I don't treat it, its is out of spite.  My liver is bad, well then-- let it get even worse!
Don't just say you have read books.  
Show that through them you have learned to think better, to be a more discriminating and reflective person.  
Books are the training weights of the mind.  
If you don't want a man unhappy politically, don't give him two sides to a question to worry him; 
give him one. 
Better yet, give him none. 
Let him forget there is such a thing as war. 
If the government is inefficient, top-heavy, and tax-mad, better it be all those than that people worry over it. 
Peace, Montag. 
Everything takes time. Bees have to move very fast to stay still.
I think us here to wonder, myself.  
To wonder.  
To ask.  
As long as we are children, we have the ability to experience things around us--but then we grow used to the world. 
To grow up is to get drunk on sensory experience.
There is no need to search; 
achievement leads to nowhere. 
It makes no difference at all, so just be happy now! 
Love is the only reality of the world, because it is all One, you see. 
And the only laws are paradox, humor and change. 
There is no problem, never was, and never will be. 
Release your struggle, let go of your mind, throw away your concerns, and relax into the world. 
No need to resist life, just do your best. 
Open your eyes and see that you are far more than you imagine. 
You are the world, you are the universe; 
you are yourself and everyone else, too! 
It's all the marvelous Play of God. Wake up, regain your humor. Don't worry, just be happy. You are already free!
To love is good, too: love being difficult. 
The glory of Christianity is to conquer by forgiveness.
Words do not express thoughts very well; 
every thing immediately becomes a little different, a little distorted, a little foolish. 
And yet it also pleases me and seems right that what is of value and wisdom of one man seems nonsense to another.
If you can't fight and you can't flee, flow.
Generally speaking, the errors in religion are dangerous; those in philosophy only ridiculous.
Fas est ab hoste doceri.One should learn even from one's enemies.
Beloved, let us love one another, because love is from God; 
everyone one who loves is born of God and knows God.  Whoever does not love does not know God, for God is love.
...an optimistic mind-set finds dozens of possible solutions for every problem that the pessimist regards as incurable.
Truth would quickly cease to be stranger than fiction, once we got as used to it.
The bounties of space, of infinite outwardness, were three: empty heroics, low comedy, and pointless death.
Is a picture really worth a thousand words? 
What thousand words? 
A thousand words from a lunatic, or a thousand words from Nietzsche? 
Actually, Nietzsche was a lunatic, but you see my point. 
What about a thousand words from a rambler vs. 500 
words from Mark Twain? 
He could say the same thing quicker and with more force than almost any other writer. 
One thousand words from Ginsberg are not even worth one from Wilde. 
It’s wild to declare the equivalency of any picture with any army of 1,000 words. 
Words from a writer like Wordsworth make you appreciate what words are worth.
All men by nature desire knowledge.
I suppose therefore that all things I see are illusions; 
I believe that nothing has ever existed of everything my lying memory tells me. 
I think I have no senses. 
I believe that body, shape, extension, motion, location are functions. 
What is there then that can be taken as true? Perhaps only this one thing, that nothing at all is certain.
I do not know how to teach philosophy without becoming a disturber of the peace.
I am Me. 
In all the world, there is no one else exactly like me. 
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future too.
We join spokes together in a wheel, but it is the center hole that makes the wagon move.
We shape clay into a pot, but it is the emptiness insidethat holds whatever we want.
We hammer wood for a house, but it is the inner spacethat makes it livable.
We work with being, but non-being is what we use.
I am one thing, my writings are another.
Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely.
It is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because he is not of the same opinion, is a monster.
...only in the surrender of the light could the darkness prevail.
The Revolution introduced me to art, and in turn, art introduced me to the Revolution!
Au milieu de l'hiver, j'ai découvert en moi un invincible été.
The end may justify the means as long as there is something that justifies the end.
Thats not a bad word, hate and war are bad words, fuck isnt.
One must wait until the evening to see how splendid the day has been.
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.
Do you know what punishments I've endured for my crimes, my sins?  
None.  
I am proof of the absurdity of men's most treasured abstractions.  A just universe wouldn't tolerate my existence.
No matter how you care to define it, I do not identify with the local group.  
Planet, species, race, nation, state, religion, party, union, club, association, neighborhood improvement committee; 
I have no interest in any of it.  
I love and treasure individuals as I meet them, I loathe and despise the groups they identify with and belong to.
I am my world.
A preoccupation with the next world clearly shows an inability to cope credibly with this one.
When a man learns to love, he must bear the risk of hatred.
The complexity of our present trouble suggests as never before that we need to change our present concept of education. 
If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
Learned we may be with another man's learning: we can only be wise with wisdom of our own.
Time is what keeps things from happening all at once.
To be evenminded is the greatest virtue.Wisdom is to speakthe truth and actin keeping with its nature.
All is mystery; but he is a slave who will not struggle to penetrate the dark veil.
Maybe that's it, [...] [
w]ith what you were talking about before. 
The world being broken. 
Maybe it isn't that we're supposed to find the pieces and put them back together. 
Maybe we're the pieces." [...] "
Maybe [...] what we're supposed to do is come together. That's how we stop the breaking.
...when dogma enters the brain, all intellectual activity ceases. 
The wealth required by nature is limited and is easy to procure; 
but the wealth required by vain ideals extends to infinity.
Each star is a mirror reflecting the truth inside you.
The moment you stop trying to become a better person, is the moment you start to become worse than what you already are.

Do not ruin today with mourning tomorrow.
The more you struggle to live, the less you live. 
Give up the notion that you must be sure of what you are doing. 
Instead, surrender to what is real within you, for that alone is sure....you are above everything distressing.
Misunderstanding is my cornerstone. 
It's everyone's, come to think of it. Illusions mistaken for truth are the pavement under our feet.
It is too difficult to think nobly when one thinks only of earning a living.
Contentment is natural wealth, luxury is artificial poverty.
In politics we presume that everyone who knows how to get votes knows how to administer a city or a state. 
When we are ill... we do not ask for the handsomest physician, or the most eloquent one.
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who overcomes his enemies.
The trouble is you can shut your eyes but you can’t shut your mind.
Everything is relative in this world, where change alone endures.
True love is like ghosts, which everybody talks about and few have seen.
The only way we'll get freedom for ourselves is to identify ourselves with every oppressed people in the world. 
We are blood brothers to the people of Brazil, Venezuela, Haiti, Cuba -- yes Cuba too.
If anyone on the verge of action should judge himself according to the outcome, he would never begin.
If you're gonna burn a bridge behind you, make sure you've crossed it first.
Plato was a bore.
Faith in faith' he answered himself. '
It isn't necessary to have something to believe in. 
It's only necessary to believe that somewhere there's something worthy of belief
I take no pride in hopeless longing; 
I wouldn't hold a stillborn aspiration. I'd want to have it, to make it, to live it.
All the world's a stage.
The state is that great fiction by which everyone tries to live at the expense of everyone else.
it is all very well for you to write simply and the simpler the better. 
But do not start to think so damned simply. Know how complicated it is and then state it simply.
This place is a dream. 
Only a sleeper considers it real. 
Then death comes like dawn, and you wake up laughing at what you thought was your grief.
If your life is worth thinking about,it is worth writing about.
Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power.
To ridicule philosophy is really to philosophize.
All sciences are vain and full of errors that are not born of Experience, the mother of all Knowledge.
People should decide on the books' meanings for themselves. 
Show me that I m everywhere and get me home for tea.
Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions.
All religions must be tolerated... for every man must get to heaven in his own way.
Comedy aims at representing men as worse, Tragedy as better than in actual life.
This inhuman place makes human monsters.
I have a friend who's an artist and has sometimes taken a view which I don't agree with very well. 
He'll hold up a flower and say "look how beautiful it is," and I'll agree. 
You are an aperture through which the universe is looking at and exploring itself.
For, after all, how do we know that two and two make four? 
Or that the force of gravity works? 
Or that the past is unchangeable? 
If both the past and the external world exist only in the mind, and if the mind itself is controllable – what then?
To write well, express yourself like the common people, but think like a wise man.
It isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. 
It is what you think about.
I'm very polite by nature, even the voices in my head let each other finish their sentences.
Despair is typical of those who do not understand the causes of evil, see no way out, and are incapable of struggle.
The pre-Socratic Greek philosopher Parmenides taught that the only things that are real are things which never change... 
and the pre-Socratic Greek philosopher Heraclitus taught that everything changes. 
If you superimpose their two views, you get this result: Nothing is real.
Governments, if they endure, always tend increasingly toward aristocratic forms.  
No government in history has been known to evade this pattern.  
Philosophy is common sense with big words.
If a man has character, he has also his typical experience, which always recurs.
The map is not the territory.
Now, my own suspicion is that the universe is not only queerer than we suppose, but queerer than we can suppose. 
Whoever cannot seek the unforeseen sees nothing for the known way is an impasse.
19Wisdom is the oneness of mind that guides and permeated all things.(translated by Brooks Haxton)
... Experiencing deep sadness can, sometimes, heighten your ability to feel joy.
Despair is the price one pays for setting oneself an impossible aim. 
It is, one is told, the unforgivable sin, but it is a sin the corrupt or evil man never practices. 
He always has hope. 
He never reaches the freezing-point of knowing absolute failure. 
Only the man of goodwill carries always in his heart this capacity for damnation.
Philosophy can make people sick.
The only thing standing between you and your dreams is ... reluctance.
In this age, the mere example of non-conformity, the mere refusal to bend the knee to custom, is itself a service. 
Cats don't need to be possessed; they're evil on their own.
The philosopher Diogenes was eating bread and lentils for supper.  
He was seen by the philosopher Aristippus, who lived comfortably by flattering the king.  
Said Aristippus, 'If you would learn to be subservient to the king you would not have to live on lentils.'
Said [author:Diogenes|3213618, 'Learn to live on lentils and you will not have to be subservient to the king".
The words ‘I Love You’ kill, and resurrect millions, in less than a second.
If you're trapped in the dream of the Other, you're fucked.
The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next.
Enlightenment is man's release from his self-incurred tutelage. 
Tutelage is man's inability to make use of his understanding without direction from another. 
Physics isn't the most important thing. Love is.
I'm not frightened. 
I'm not frightened of anything. 
The more I suffer, the more I love. 
Danger will only increase my love. 
It will sharpen it, forgive its vice. 
I will be the only angel you need. 
You will leave life even more beautiful than you entered it. 
Heaven will take you back and look at you and say: Only one thing can make a soul complete and that thing is love.
There is no escape—we pay for the violence of our ancestors.
For the survivor who chooses to testify, it is clear: his duty is to bear witness for the dead and for the living. 
He has no right to deprive future generations of a past that belongs to our collective memory. 
To forget would be not only dangerous but offensive; to forget the dead would be akin to killing them a second time.
Our lives are part of a unique adventure... 
But where was God now, with heaven full of astronauts, and the Lord overthrown? 
I miss God. 
I miss the company of someone utterly loyal. 
I still don't think of God as my betrayer. 
The servants of God, yes, but servants by their very nature betray. 
I miss God who was my friend. 
...reality is always plural and mutable.
We look for the Secret - the Philosopher's Stone, the Elixir of the Wise, Supreme Enlightenment, 'God' or whatever...
and all the time it is carrying us about...It is the human nervous system itself.
If you ever find yourself in the wrong story, leave.
The wild worship of lawlessness and the materialist worship of law end in the same void. 
Nietzsche scales staggering mountains, but he turns up ultimately in Tibet. 
He sits down beside Tolstoy in the land of nothing and Nirvana. 
They are both helpless—one because he must not grasp anything, and the other because he must not let go of anything. 
The Tolstoyan’s will is frozen by a Buddhist instinct that all special actions are evil. 
But the Nietzscheite’s will is quite equally frozen by his view that all special actions are good; 
for if all special actions are good, none of them are special. 
They stand at the crossroads, and one hates all the roads and the other likes all the roads. 
The result is—well, some things are not hard to calculate. They stand at the cross-roads.
If you don't want anyone to know about your existence, you might as well kill yourself. You're taking up space, air.
I do not think that tragedy is our natural fate and I do not live in chronic dread of disaster. 
It is no happiness, but suffering that I consider unnatural. 
It is not success, but calamity that I regard as the abnormal exception in Human Life.
Whatever one man does, it is as if all men did it. 
For that reason, it is not unfair that one disobedience in a garden should contaminate all humanity; 
for that reason it is not unjust that the crucifixion of a single Jew should be sufficient to save it.
Philosophy cannot be taught; it is the application of the sciences to truth.
The discovery of what is true and the practice of that which is good are the two most important aims of philosophy.
Of course there is no formula for success, except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life, and what it brings
Mankind flung its advance agents ever outward, ever outward. 
Eventually it flung them out into space, into the colorless, tasteless, weightless sea of outwardness without end. 
It flung them like stones.
A few years ago it dawned on me that everybody past a certain age ... 
pretty much constantly dreams of being able to escape from their lives. 
They don't want to be who they are any more. 
They want out. 
The point of modernity is to live a life without illusions while not becoming disillusioned
Sin sorpresas, aunque sean disagredables, nadie estaria dispuesto a vivir.
Although you may not stumble across a Martian in the garden, you might stumble across yourself. 
The day that happens, you'll probably also scream a little. 
I was never aware of any other option but to question everything.
The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free.
The pianokeys are black and whitebut they sound like a million colors in your mind
Life—the way it really is—is a battle not between good and bad, but between bad and worse
To be alone is to be different, to be different is to be alone.
A philosopher knows that in reality he knows very little.  
That is why he constantly strives to achieve true insight.  
Socrates was one of these rare people.  
He knew that he knew nothing about life and about the world.  
And now comes the important part: it troubled him that he knew so little.
I'm looking into my past lives. I'm convinced some of them still owe me money.
Who is wise? 
He that learns from everyone. 
Who is powerful? He that governs his passions. Who is rich? He that is content. Who is that? Nobody.
Anything you're good at contributes to happiness.
Eccentricity is not, as some would believe, a form of madness. 
Never say that I have taken it, only that I have given it back.
It takes too much energy to be against something unless it's really important. 
songs, to me, were more important than just light entertainment. 
They were my preceptor and guide into some altered consciousness of reality. 
Some different republic, some liberated republic... 
whatever the case, it wasn't that I was anti-popular culture or anything and I had no ambition to stir things up. 
I just thought of mainstream culture as lame as hell and a big trick. 
It was like the unbroken sea of frost that lay outside the window and you had to have awkward footgear to walk with.
It was time to take the pumpkin out of the pot and eat it. 
In the final analysis, that was what solved these big problems of life. 
You could think and think and get nowhere, but you still had to eat your pumpkin. 
That brought you down to earth. That gave you a reason for going on. Pumpkin.
L'homme est libre au moment qu'il veut l'être.
Thoughts become things. If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand.
In the end mortals always expired before faeries. 
They were such finite creatures. 
Their first heartbeat and breath were but a blink from death. 
To add the weight of nourishing his insatiable court in a time of peace was to hasten that unconscionably.
People ought to fight to keep their law as to defend the citys walls.
You asked me how to get out of the finite dimensions when I feel like it.  
I certainly don't use logic when I do it.  Logic's the first thing you have to get rid of.
There's only one day at a time here, then it's tonight and then tomorrow will be today again.
Rockabye Baby, in the treetopDont you know a treetopis no safe place to rock?
And who put you up there,and your cradle too?Baby,I think someone down herehas got it in for you!
Imagine that one day you are out for a walk in the woods. 
Suddenly you see a small spaceship on the path in front of you. 
A tiny Martian climbs out the spaceship and stands on the ground looking up at you…What would you think? 
Never mind, it’s not important. 
But have you ever given any thought to the fact that you are a Martian yourself?
It is obviously unlikely that you will ever stumble upon a creature from another planet. 
We do not even know that there is life on other planets. 
But you might stumble upon yourself one day. 
You might suddenly stop short and see yourself in a completely new light. 
On just such a walk in the woods. 
I am an extraordinary being, you think. 
I am a mysterious creature.
You feel as if you are waking from an enchanted slumber. 
Who am I? 
you ask. 
You know that you are stumbling around on a planet in the universe. 
But what is the universe?
Before I can live with other folks I’ve got to live with myself. 
The one thing that doesn’t abide by majority rule is a person’s conscience.
So, let me get this straight-- You want me to stop being a lesbian and being attracted to women because it is a 'sin'? 
Last time I checked, when you lie you are sinning. 
Il n'y a de réalité que dans l'action.(There is no reality except in action.)
As soon as you have made a thought, laugh at it.
I am sitting with a philosopher in the garden; 
he says again and again 'I know that that’s a tree', pointing to a tree that is near us. 
Someone else arrives and hears this, and I tell him: 'This fellow isn’t insane. We are only doing philosophy.
The only safe thing is to take a chance.
If you wake up tired, you’ve been chasing dreams. If you go to bed tired, your making your dreams happen.
Any war that requires the suspension of reason as a necessity for support is a bad war.
To study philosophy is nothing but to prepare one’s self to die.
Imagine that you were on the threshold of this fairytale, sometime billions of years ago when everything was created. 
And you were able to choose whether you wanted to be born to a life on this planet at some point. 
Change is not always growth, but growth is often rooted in change.Drizzt Do'Urden
Nothing important is learned; it is simply remembered.
My heart knows what my mind only think it knows.
To be an outlaw you must first have a base in law to reject and get out of, I never had such a base. 
I never had a place I could call home that meant any more than a key to a house, apartment or hotel room. … 
Am I alien? 
Alien from what exactly? 
Perhaps my home is my dream city, more real than my waking life precisely because it has no relation to waking life…
Imagine others complexly.
A man leaves his great house because he's boredWith life at home, and suddenly returns,Finding himself no happier abroad.
In practice people who study philosophy too long become very odd birds, not to say thoroughly vicious; 
while even those who are the best of them are reduced by...[philosophy] to complete uselessness as members of society.
Nothing is as it seems, but something is everything it is made out to be.
How could they see anything but the shadows if they were never allowed to move their heads?
The shame of being a man - is there any better reason to write?
Philosophy is really nostalgia, the desire to be at home.
And although I have seen nothing but black crows in my life, it doesn't mean that there's no such thing as a white crow.  
Both for a philosopher and for a scientist it can be important not to reject the possibility of finding a white crow.  
You might almost say that hunting for 'the white crow' is science's principal task.
I strive for perfection - I settle for satisfaction
The man who alters his way of thinking to suit others is a fool.
If you haven't said 'I love you' to someone today, do it. 
You won't always be happy, but you should try to be. 
Don't be too afraid of germs. 
Those people have no fun. 
Remember to look around sometimes. 
You might see something you haven't seen before or at the very least avoid being hit by a flying object. 
Speaking of flying objects, don't spend your life looking for extraterrestrial life, unless you work for NASA. 
Remember that you always have to cooperate with someone. 
Life is an endless negotiation. 
Play fair. 
Stay out of jail. 
Don't live in the past. 
Eat breakfast. 
It really is the most important meal of the day. 
Try to make new friends, even when you think you're too old to do that. ...
And finally, remember this" 'Yes' is always a better work than 'no'. 
Unless, of course, someone has just asked you to commit a felony.
Everybody knows that Aristotelian two-value logic is fucked.
Only by examining our personal biases can we truly grow as artists; 
only by cultivating empathy can we truly grow as people.
Don’t only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine.
Perhaps home is not a place but simply an irrevocable condition.
Non est ad astra mollis e terris via" - "There is no easy way from the earth to the stars
If you don't behave as you believe, you will end by believing as you behave.
You say, it's dark. 
And in truth, I did place a cloud before your sun. 
But do you not see how the edges of the cloud are already glowing and turning light.
So now you must choose... 
Are you a child who has not yet become world-weary? 
Or are you a philosopher who will vow never to become so? 
To children, the world and everything in it is new, something that gives rise to astonishment. 
It is not like that for adults. 
Most adults accept the world as a matter of course. 
This is precisely where philosophers are a notable exception. 
A philosopher never gets quite used to the world. 
To him or her, the world continues to seem a bit unreasonable - bewildering, even enigmatic. 
Philosophers and small children thus have an important faculty in common. 
The only thing we require to be good philosophers is the faculty of wonder…
No man was ever wise by chance
What sort of philosophers are we, who know absolutely nothing of the origin and destiny of cats?
Not how the world is, but that it is, is the mystery.
The life of the enemy . Whoever lives for the sake of combating an enemy has an interest in the enemy's staying alive.
What I have done is to show that it is possible for the way the universe began to be determined by the laws of science. 
In that case, it would not be necessary to appeal to God to decide how the universe began. 
This doesn't prove that there is no God, only that God is not necessary.
YOU are the big drop of dew under the lotus leaf, I am the smaller one on its upper side,'said the dewdrop to the lake.
I’m not superstitious. I’m a witch. Witches aren’t superstitious. We are what people are superstitious of.
If you live today, you breath in nihilism ... 
it's the gas you breathe. 
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.
If you're not happy in life then you need to change, calibrate, readjust...
flush your negative energy and fill it with positive energy; 
How do we do that you might ask? 
well I would start by making others happy, deseases are not the only thing that spreads easy. 
We are all connected in some form of unseen energy... 
think how those around you will impact you and make you feel if they were happy?
I’ve always hated the “Who are you?" 
question. 
This is a philosophical inquiry. 
Answering that question is why we’re on earth. You can’t answer it in thirty seconds or in an elevator.
I always thought old age would be a writer’s best chance.  
Whenever I read the late work of Goethe or W. 
B. 
Yeats I had the impertinence to identify with it.  
Now, my memory’s gone, all the old fluency’s disappeared.  
I don’t write a single sentence without saying to myself, ‘It’s a lie!’  
So I know I was right. It’s the best chance I’ve ever had.
Life... is a paradise to what we know of death.
Death isn't the end, it's the beginning.
No man was ever yet a great poet, without at the same time being a profound philosopher.
Philosophy when superficially studied, excites doubt, when thoroughly explored, it dispels it.
The final belief is to believe in a fiction, which you know to be a fiction, there being nothing else. 
The exquisite truth is to know that it is a fiction and that you believe in it willingly.
I've often thought that there isn't any "I" at all; 
that we are simply the means of expression of something else; 
that when we think we are ourselves, we are simply the victims of a delusion.
When it comes to Schopenhauer, I think I need a To-Go box. 
Criticism of others is thus an oblique form of self-commendation. 
We think we make the picture hang straight on our wall by telling our neighbors that all his pictures are crooked.
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.
My view is that if your philosophy is not unsettled daily then you are blind to all the universe has to offer.
Once upon a time, I dreamt I was a butterfly, fluttering hither and thither, to all intents and purposes a butterfly. 
I was conscious only of my happiness as a butterfly, unaware that I was myself. 
Soon I awaked, and there I was, veritably myself again. 
Returning home is the most difficult part of long-distance hiking; 
You have grown outside the puzzle and your piece no longer fits.
They can't tell so much about you if you got your eyes closed.
Here is my final point. 
About drugs, about alcohol, about pornography and smoking and everything else. 
Once upon a time there was a young prince who believed in all things but three. 
He did not believe in princesses, he did not believe in islands, he did not believe in God. 
His father, the king, told him that such things did not exist. 
As there were no princesses or islands in his father's domains, and no sign of God, the young prince believed his father.
But then, one day, the prince ran away from his palace. 
He came to the next land. 
I desire to live in peace and to continue the life I have begun under the motto 'to live well you must live unseen
We are here and it is now. The way I see it is, after that, everything tends towards guesswork.
Young people everywhere have been allowed to choose between love and a garbage disposal unit. 
Everywhere they have chosen the garbage disposal unit.
No lake so still but it has its wave.
No circle so perfect but that it has its blur.
I would change things for you if I could; As I can't you must take them as they are.
Digression is the soul of wit. 
Take the philosophic asides away from Dante, Milton or Hamlet's father's ghost and what stays is dry bones.
There are 10,000 books in my library, and it will keep growing until I die. 
This has exasperated my daughters, amused my friends and baffled my accountant. 
If I had not picked up this habit in the library long ago, I would have more money in the bank today; 
I would not be richer.
She smiled. 
She knew she was dying. 
But it did not matter any longer. 
She had known something which no human words could ever tell and she knew it now. 
She had been awaiting it and she felt it, as if it had been, as if she had lived it. 
The Study of philosophy is not that we may know what men have thought, but what the truth of things is. 
In the high country of the mind one has to become adjusted to the thinner air of uncertainty...
As soon as a religion comes to dominate it has as its opponents all those who would have been its first disciples. 
No law can be sacred to me but that of my nature.  
Good and bad are but names very readily transferable to that or this; 
the only right is what is after my constitution; the only wrong is what is against it.
Patience is the only way you can endure the gray periods.
I consist of body and soul - in the worlds of a child. 
And why shouldn't we speak like children? 
But the enlightened, the knowledgealbe would say: I am body through and through, nothing more; 
and the soul is just a word for something on the body.
There is something fascinating about science.  
One gets such wholesale returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.
You become mature when you become the authority of your own life.
I have gained this by philosophy: that I do without being commanded what others do only from fear of the law.
Creation and destruction are the two ends of the same moment. 
And everything between the creation and the next destruction is the journey of life.
Neither the sun nor death can be looked at steadily.
What a lover’s heart knows let no man’s brain dispute.
The treacherous are ever distrustful.
He who is not satisfied with a little, is satisfied with nothing .
If there were a party of those who aren't sure they're right, I'd belong to it. ~(Camus, as quoted by Tony Judt)
In life man commits himself and draws his own portrait, outside of which there is nothing. 
No doubt this thought may seem harsh to someone who has not made a success of his life. 
Things are not always what they seem; 
the first appearance deceives many; the intelligence of a few perceives what has been carefully hidden.
When you draw something it lives and when you photograph it it dies
I do feel that I’ve managed to make something I could maybe call my world…over time…little by little. 
And when I’m inside it, to some extent, I feel kind of relieved. 
For every expert there is an equal and opposite expert.
We are the sum of all people we have ever met; you change the tribe and the tribe changes you.
Every great cause begins as a movement, becomes a business, and eventually degenerates into a racket.
I felt the taste of mortality in my mouth, and at that moment I understood that I was not going to live forever. 
By what men think, we create the world around us, daily new.
It's easy to hate and point out everything that is wrong with the world; 
it is the hardest and most important work in one's life to free oneself from the bonds of fear and attachment.
So you think that money is the root of all evil? [...] 
Have you ever asked what is the root of money? 
Money is a tool of exchange, which can't exist unless there are goods produced and men able to produce them. 
But love, like the sun that it is, sets afire and melts everything. 
A Paradox, the doughnut hole. 
Empty space, once, but now they've learned to market even that. 
A minus quantity; 
nothing, rendered edible. 
I wondered if they might be used-metaphorically, of course-to demonstrate the existence of God. 
Does naming a sphere of nothingness transmute it into being?
Life is a bitter sweet journey my friend, a bitter sweet journey.
... 
You are a wonderful creation. You know more than you think you know, just as you know less than you want to know.
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
Sed nescio quo modo nihil tam absurde dici potest quod non dicatur ab aliquo philosphorum. (
There is nothing so absurd but some philosopher has said it.)
Love is patient; 
love is kind and envies no one. 
Love is never boastful, nor conceited, nor rude; 
never selfish, not quick to take offense. 
Love keeps no score of wrongs; 
does not gloat over other men's sins, but delights in the truth. 
There is nothing love cannot face; 
there is no limit to its faith,its hope, and endurance. [....] 
In a word, there are three things that last forever: faith, hope, and love; but the greatest of them all is love.
the serpent if it wants to become the dragon must eat itself.
I have gone around observing your activities from the outside. 
Because of this I have also been able to see things to which you have been blind... 
Every morning you have gone to work, but you have never been fully awake. 
I have forgotten my umbrella. 
Life's managed, not cured.  
For this feeling of wonder shows that you are a philosopher, since wonder is the only beginning of philosophy.
No rational argument will have a rational effect on a man who does not want to adopt a rational attitude.
Reality is harsh. 
It can be cruel and ugly. 
Yet no matter how much we grieve over our environment and circumstances nothing will change. 
What is important is not to be defeated, to forge ahead bravely. If we do this, a path will open before us.
A prison becomes a home when you have the key.
We live in deeds  not years  In thoughts  not breaths  In feelings  not figures on a dial. 
We should count time by heart throbs. He most lives who thinks most, feels noblest, acts the best.
The trouble was that he was talking in philosophy but they were listening in gibberish.
Everything we see hides another thing, we always want to see what is hidden by what we see, but it is impossible. 
Humans hide their secrets too well....
True happiness, we are told, consists in getting out of one's self; 
but the point is not only to get out - you must stay out; and to stay out you must have some absorbing errand.
Few if any seemed to have grasped the Principle of Reality; 
new knowledge leads always to yet more awesome mysteries.  
But it so happens that everything on this planet is, ultimately, irrational; 
To live is to change, to acquire the words of a story, and that is the only celebration we mortals really know.
Those who are without compassion cannot see what is seen with the eyes of compassion.
down with hell and heaven and all the religious fussinfinity pleased our parents one inch looks good to us
When faith in our freedom gives way to fear of our freedom, silencing the minority view becomes the operative protocol.
Where we choose to be, where we choose to be--we have the power to determine that in our lives. 
We cannot reel time backward or forward, but we can take ourselves to the place that defines our being.
I knew I was alone in a way that no earthling has ever been before.
I won't think of it now. I can't stand it now. I'll think of it later.
Me, I've seen 45 years, and I've only figured out one thing. 
That's this: if a person would just make the effort, there's something to be learned from everything. 
From even the most ordinary, commonplace things, there's always something you can learn. 
I read somewhere that they said there's even different philosophies in razors. 
Fact is, if it weren't for that, nobody'd survive.
The student is half afraid to meet one of the great philosophers face to face. 
He feels himself inadequate and thinks he will not understand him. 
But if he only knew, the great man, just because of his greatness, is much more intelligible than his modern commentator. 
The simplest student will be able to understand, if not all, yet a very great deal of what Plato said; 
but hardly anyone can understand some modern books on Platonism.
Remember your humanity, and forget the rest.
Death twitches my ear;'Live,' he says... 'I'm coming.
Deliverance is not for me in renunciation. I feel the embrace of freedom in a thousand bonds of delight.
All things fade and quickly turn to myth.
We never realize just how many other lives we can help when their paths cross our own.
Creativity sparks originality which then manifests itself into what we call evolution. 
To depreciate imagination is to depreciate life.
I've learned recently to love imperfection a lot because it shines such a big light on God's grace. 
Problems that remain persistently insoluble should always be suspected as questions asked in the wrong way.
Few things are more deceptive than memories.
The primary thing when you take a sword in your hands is your intention to cut the enemy, whatever the means. 
Whenever you parry, hit, spring, strike or touch the enemy's cutting sword, you must cut the enemy in the same movement. 
It is essential to attain this. 
If you think only of hitting, springing, striking or touching the enemy, you will not be able actually to cut him.
Some people insist that 'mediocre' is better than 'best.' 
They delight in clipping wings because they themselves can't fly. They despise brains because they have none.
Why are there beings at all, instead of Nothing?
Crazy Horse dreamed and went into the world where there is nothing but the spirits of all things. 
That is the real world that is behind this one, and everything we see here is something like a shadow from that one.
How small a thought it takes to fill a life.
It is hard to be angry when one has seen the sun rise,' she said.
It seems to be true,' he admitted. '
I wonder why.'
Because it makes one feel so small and insignificant. 
It has been rising forever and will rise forever no matter what we do or do not do. 
All our problems are as nothing to the sun.
...the rarest of all human qualities is consistency.
Is there any knowledge in the world which is so certain that no reasonable man could doubt it?
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. 
What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.
    To be pleasant, gentle, calm and self-possessed: this is the basis of good taste and charm in a woman. 
I don't think the real America is in New York or on the Pacific Coast; 
personally, I like the Middle West much better, places like North and South Dakota, Minneapolis and Saint Paul. 
There, I think, are the true Americans
The stronger a culture, the less it fears the radical fringe.  
The more paranoid and precarious a culture, the less tolerance it offers.
Give the pupils something to do, not something to learn; 
and the doing is of such a nature as to demand thinking; learning naturally results.
I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.
A student, filled with emotion and crying, implored, "Why is there so much suffering?"Suzuki Roshi replied, "No reason.
...
In reality there are no separate events.  
Life moves along like water, it's all connected to the source of the river is connected to the mouth and the ocean.
Life is much more successfully looked at from a single window.
Whether a thought is spoken or not it is a real thing and has powers of reality.
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.
If you've got the truth you can demonstrate it.  Talking doesn't prove it.
No passion is stronger in the breast of a man than the desire to make others believe as he believes. 
False words are not only evil in themselves, but they infect the soul with evil.
O how incomprehensible everything was, and actually sad, although it was also beautiful. 
One knew nothing. 
What we cannot speak about we must pass over in silence.
People who lean on logic and philosophy and rational exposition end by starving the best part of the mind.  
Which came first, the mind or the idea of the mind? 
Have you never wondered? They arrived together. The mind is an idea.
Consider the cattle, grazing as they pass you by. 
Anyone who fights for the future, lives in it today.
Believe me there is no such thing as great suffering, great regret, great memory....
everything is forgotten, even a great love. 
That's what's sad about life, and also what's wonderful about it. 
There is only a way of looking at things, a way that comes to you every once in a while. 
There are so many kinds of time. 
The time by which we measure our lives. 
Months and years. 
Or the big time, the time that raises mountains and makes stars. 
Or all the things that happen between one heartbeat and the next. 
Its hard to live in all those kinds of times. Easy to forget that you live in all of them.
We can't avoid reasoning; we can only avoid doing it well.
Cannibals? 
Who is not a cannibal? 
A lot of people experience the world with the same incredulity as when a magician pulls a rabbit out of a hat.…
We know that the world is not all sleight of hand and deception because we are in it, we are part of it. 
Actually we are the white rabbit being pulled out of the hat. 
What if nobody showed up at Armageddon?
The best things in life are crazy.
Man's naked form belongs to no particular moment in history; 
it is eternal, and can be looked upon with joy by the people of all ages.
We are the inheritors of a wonderful world, a beautiful world, full of life and mystery, goodness and pain. 
But likewise are we the children of an indifferent universe. 
We break our own hearts imposing our moral order on what is, by nature, a wide web of chaos.
Everything existing in the universe is the fruit of chance and necessity.
Whoever will be free must make himself free. 
Freedom is no fairy gift to fall into a man's lap. What is freedom? To have the will to be responsible for one's self.
Be wiser than other people if you can; but do not tell them so.
There's nothing fundamentally wrong with people.  
Given a story to enact that puts them in accord with the world, they will live in accord with the world.  
But given a story to enact that puts them at odds with the world, as yours does, they will live at odds with the world.  
Given a story to enact in which they are the lords of the world, they will ACT like lords of the world.  
And this is the forbidden truth, the unspeakable taboo - that evil is not always repellent but frequently attractive; 
that it has the power to make of us not simply victims, as nature and accident do, but active accomplices.
You’re trying to carry everything in your life by yourself. 
And you are falling under the weight of it but that was never God’s intention. 
He doesn’t want you to carry it yourself. 
You can’t do it, only God can do that. 
And that’s what he says, He says: "I never meant for you to go through this by yourself. 
I wanna go through it with you. I wanna carry it for you.
Things always become obvious after the fact
In football everything is complicated by the presence of the opposite team.
To pursue wisdom is to live in such a way that one is prepared to face death when it comes.  (247)
The thoughts of all men arise from the darkness. 
To live entirely without a goal! 
Unity is a great thing and a great slogan. 
He who is more mindful of one, loses the love and the faith of both.
Philosophy is the highest music.
Pactum serva" - "Keep the faith
Why' is a crooked letter and can't be made straight.
Calvin:"It says here that 'religion is the opiate of the masses.'...
what do you suppose that means?"Television: "...it means that Karl Marx hadn't seen anything yet
Time deals gently only with those who take it gently.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
A writer always writes.
I believe that a scientist looking at nonscientific problems is just as dumb as the next guy.
Absurdity is one of the most human things about us: a manifestation of our most advanced and interesting characteristics. 

You like me not because I like you. I like you just because I like me.
Mathematicians finally developed a financial model to accurately compare apples and oranges. 
Any two kinds of fruit can be compared, although guavas still cause minor rounding errors.
Can all this just be an accident? Or could there be some alien intelligence behind it?
Love is a cowboy's hardest ride.
Science must not impose any philosophy,any more than the telephone must tellus what to say.
You don't seem mad at all,' she said.
But I am, although I'm undergoing a cure, because my problem is that I lack a particular chemical. 
All things one has forgotten scream for help in dreams.
Love, I think, is a gateway to the world, not an escape from it.
Every existing thing is born without reason, prolongs itself out of weakness, and dies by chance.
Ideas improve. 
The meaning of words participates in the improvement. 
Plagiarism is necessary. 
Progress implies it. 
It embraces an author's phrase, makes use of his expressions, erases a false idea, and replaces it with the right idea. 

Fate isn’t one straight road…there are forks in it, many different routes to different ends.  
We have the free will to choose the path.
Don't think, but look! (PI 66)
Do you know what I think about crying? 
I think some people have to learn to do it. 
But once you learn, once you know how to really cry, there's nothing quite like it. 
I feel sorry for those who don't know the trick. It's like whistling or singing.
In the world of art, all things are possible.--George from Paradise Kiss
Few among men are they who cross to the further shore. The others merely run up and down the bank on this side.
Never do anything you are ashamed of and you'll never have to lie.
the body is wiser than its inhabitants. the body is the soul. the body is god’s messenger.
We are born into this world unarmed - our mind is our only weapon.
Even if you are alone you wage war with yourself.
The free mind, unafraid of labor, presses on to attain the good.
A toast, Jedediah, to love on my terms. Those are the only terms anybody ever knows - his own.
Chiron had said once that nations were the most foolish of of mortal inventions. "
No man is worth more than another, wherever he is from." "
But what if he is your friend?" 
Achilles has asked him, feet kicked up on the wall of the rose-quartz cave. "
Or your brother? 
Should you treat him the same as a stranger?" "
You ask a question that philosophers argue over," Chiron had said. 
H is worth more to you, perhaps. 
But the stranger in someone else's friend and brother. 
So which life is more important?"
We hd been silent. 
We were 14 and these things were too hard for us. 
Now that we are 27, they still feel too hardHe is half of my soul, as the poets say. 
He will be dead soon and his honor is all that will remain. 
It is his child, his dearest self. 
Should I reproach him for it? 
I have saved Briseis I cannot save them all. 
I know, now, how I would answer Chiron. I would say: there is no answer. Whichever you choose, you are wrong.
Imagination is not, as some poets have thought, simply synonymous with good. 
It may be either good or evil. 
As long as art remained primarily mimetic, the evil which imagination could do was limited by nature. 
Again, as long as it was treated as an amusement, the evil which it could do was limited in scope. 
Philosophy is the toil which can never tire persons engaged in it. 
All ways are strewn with roses, and the farther you go, the more enchanting objects appear before you and invite you on.

Don't fear the gods,Don't worry about death;What is good is easy to get, andWhat is terrible is easy to endure.
In the battle that is philosophy all the techniques of war, including looting and camouflage, are permissible.
All religions are based on obsolete terminology.
The first method for estimating the intelligence of a ruler is to look at the men he has around him.
God is an ever receding pocket of﻿ scientific ignorance.
Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy
The beauty of a living thing is not the atoms that go into it, but the way those atoms are put together.
Between living and dreaming there is a third thing. Guess it.
There is nothing more unequal than the equal treatment of unequal people.
Kendati batas antara kebebasan dan ketidakpedulian terkadang saru
What we cannot bear removes us from life; what remains can be borne.
Save your explanations, I got some questions for you first and you'd better answer them!' [
slurred Hellian.]     '
With what?' [
Banaschar] sneered. '
Explanations?'     '
No. 
Answers. 
There's a difference-'     'Really? 
How? 
What difference?'     '
Explanations are what people use when they need to lie. 
I'm probably 20 percent atheist and 80 percent agnostic. 
I don't think anyone really knows. 
You'll either find out or not when you get there, until then there's no point thinking about it.
The square root of I is I.
You can't just skip the boring parts.""
Of course I can skip the boring parts.""
How do you know they're boring if you don't read them?""
I can tell.""
Then you can't say you've read the whole play.""
Normal is over rated, and so is spelling.
You want perfection? 
Go out and buy a spell check, but know this: Spellcheck won't keep you warm at night or love you unconditionaly. 
I will stick to being abnormal and a bad speller. 
Makes life more interesting. After all, what fun is there in being normal or perfect?
If tomorrow were never to come, it would not be worth living today.
An honest religious thinker is like a tightrope walker. 
He almost looks as though he were walking on nothing but air. 
His support is the slenderest imaginable. And yet it really is possible to walk on it.
Love isn't always a physical emotion. 
Sometimes it's  the ones who never got to actually hold you in their arms that appreciate you for who you are
Pursue not the outer entanglements; 
Dwell not in the inner void; Be serene in the oneness of things; And dualism vanishes by itself.
Look. 
If I touch you with this hand, I can remember touching you, but I can't prove I ever did. 
If reality is nothing more than what is in our mind...then what is the difference between this world and a dream?
Only philosophers embark on this perilous expedition to the outermost reaches of language and existence. 
Impossible things are really rough to do, you know.
I am what some would say 'holy, and wholly other than you.'  
Love is silence multiplied by noise and divided by two.
Youth is an intoxication without wine, someone says. 
Life is an intoxication. 
The only sober man is the melancholiac, who, disenchanted, looks at life, sees it as it really is, and cuts his throat. 
If this be so, I want to be very drunk. 
The great thing is to live, to clutch at our existence and race away with it in some great and enthralling pursuit. 
Believe in the wonderment of life, the magic of love, and the reality of death.
If your life is Christ, then your death will be only more of Christ, forever. 
If your life is only Christlessness, then your death will be only more Christlessness, forever. 
That's not fundamentalism, that's the law of non-contradiction.
We are creators, and yet we naively play the role of "the created." 
We see ourselves as helpless sheep buffeted around by the God who made us. 
We kneel like frightened children, begging for help, for forgiveness, for good luck. 
A thing is only as great as the amount a person is willing to risk for it. 
If you are not willing to risk anything, then the thing mustn't be so great at all.
We patronize the animals for their incompleteness, for their tragic fate of having taken form so far below ourselves. 
And therein we err, and greatly err. 
For the animal shall not be measured by man. 
The ideas of the ruling class are in every epoch the ruling ideas, i.
e. 
the class which is the ruling material force of society, is at the same time its ruling intellectual force. 
Whereas I think: I’m lying here in a haystack... 
Who is to decide which is the grimmer sight: withered hearts, or empty skulls?
Good-humor is a philosophic state of mind; 
it seems to say to Nature that we take her no more seriously than she takes us. 
I maintain that one should always talk of philosophy with a smile.
The love of money is the root of all evil, therefore selfishness must be the seed.
Then we’re just sitting there, staring at each other. 
Which has been happening a lot lately. 
It’s likewhatever wall there was between us, however she was holding herself back from me . . . 
all of thatpretense is gone.“
And when you find a soul mate,” Sara says, “it’s undeniable. 
You have to be together.”“
That’s my philosophy.” 
I look back at her. “
You have to go with the flow.”“
Exactly. 
I think the universe guides you to make the right choices.”“
Do you believe in fate?”“
I guess, but . . . it’s more about creating the life you want so you can make that fate a reality. Youknow?
The truth always carries the ambiguity of the words used to express it.
Existence is beyond the power of wordsTo define:Terms may be usedBut are none of them absolute.
In the beginning of heaven and earth there were no words,Words came out of the womb of matter;
NIHILIST, n. A Russian who denies the existence of anything but Tolstoi. The leader of the school is Tolstoi.
A miracle is often the willingness to see the common in an uncommon way.
It is when those who are not strong enough have made some moderate amount of progress that they fail and give up...
All are one
Calling sex by its name thereafter [the 17th c.] 
became more difficult and more costly. 
God has abandoned you. Fear does not serve you. Your heart has betrayed you. Only the music can guide you.
In truth, Freud sees nothing and understands nothing.
It was only after two years' work that it occurred to me that I was a writer. 
I had no particular expectation that the novel would ever be published, because it was sort of a mess. 
It was only when I found myself writing things I didn't realise I knew that I said, 'I'm a writer now.' 
The novel had become an incentive to deeper thinking. That's really what writing is—an intense form of thought.
We can speak and think only of what exists. 
And what exists is uncreated and imperishable for it is whole and unchanging and complete. 
It was not or nor shall be different since it is now, all at once, one and continuous.
This city belongs to ghosts, to murderers, to sleepwalkers.  Where are you, in what bed, in what dream?
If I were to speak your kind of language, I would say that man's only moral commandment is: Thou shalt think. 
But a "moral commandment" is a contradiction in terms. 
The moral is the chosen, not the forced; 
the understood, not the obeyed. The moral is the rational, and reason accepts no commandments.
And don't tell me the end justifies the means because it doesn't.  
We never reach the end.  All we ever get is means.  That's what we live with.
The better organized the state, the duller its humanity.
To learn is not to know; there are the learners and the learned.  Memory makes the one, philosophy the others.
I have made a ceaseless effort not to ridicule, not to bewail, not to scorn human actions, but to understand them.
Teaism is a cult founded on the adoration of the beautiful among the sordid facts of everyday existence.  
It inculcates purity and harmony, the mystery of mutual charity, the romanticism of the social order.  
Truth is neither ojectivity nor the balanced view; truth is a selfless subjectivity.
There's only one rule that I know of, babies—God damn it, you've got to be kind.
This place has only three exits, sir: Madness, and Death.
Because philosophy arises from awe, a philosopher is bound in his way to be a lover of myths and poetic fables. 
Poets and philosophers are alike in being big with wonder.
Philosophers can debate the meaning of life, but you need a Lord who can declare the meaning of life.
Every passion borders on the chaotic, but the collector's passion borders on the chaos of memories.
Call no man happy until he is dead.
One picture puzzle pieceLyin' on the sidewalk,One picture puzzle pieceSoakin' in the rain.
It might be a button of blueOn the coat of the womanWho lived in a shoe.
It might be a magical bean,Or a fold in the redVelvet robe of a queen.
It might be the one little biteOf the apple her stepmotherGave to Snow White.
It might be the veil of a brideOr a bottle with some evil genie inside.
It might be a small tuft of hairOn the big bouncy bellyOf Bobo the Bear.
It might be a bit of the cloakOf the Witch of the WestAs she melted to smoke.
It might be a shadowy traceOf a tear that runs down an angel's face.
Nothing has more possibilitiesThan one old wet picture puzzle piece.
If I had to live my life over, I'd live over a saloon.
let the speaker speak truly and the judge decide justly.
I didn't want to do it,' Kiala said. '
The universe just kind of conspired to force me to make a fool of myself. It does that quite a lot, actually.
Is it better to go with the flow or let the flow go?
The best ideas are common property
Oh, why does compassion weaken us?'
It doesn't, really...
Hope burns eternal in the human heart.
But is all this true?" 
said Brutha.
Didactylos shrugged. "
Could be. 
Could be. 
We are here and it is now. 
The way I see it is, after that, everything tends towards guesswork.""
You mean you don't KNOW it's true?" 
said Brutha."
I THINK it might be," said Didactylos. "I could be wrong. Not being certain is what being a philosopher is all about.
To be a god can ultimately become boring and degrading.  
There'd be reason enough for the invention of free will!  
A god might wish to escape into sleep and be alive only in the unconscious projections of his dream-creatures.
Words are the clothes thoughts wear.
The ethos of redemption is realied in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires.
A moment or an eternity—did it matter? Life, undefeated, existed and could exist.
He who wears his morality but as his best garment were better naked.
The wind and the sun will tear no holes in his skin.
He was just a kid. 
He didn’t care. 
He was like, “I’m getting in my mom’s van and I’m going home.” 
I was just a kid, too. But I cared. With him gone, who was I going to play Plato and Socrates with? 
Further, an excess of legislation defeats its own ends. 
It makes the whole population criminals, and turns them all into police and police spies. 
The moral health of such a people is ruined for ever; only revolution can save it.
The brightest light casts the darkest shadow.
Sometimes... 
Reason and Love are met with a violent ignorance that even what's right gets lost. 
Our heart bleeds, but when does the blood shed end and the healing begin?
My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher.
Oh, if only it were possible to find understanding,” Joseph exclaimed. “
If only there were a dogma to believe in. 
Everything is contradictory, everything tangential; 
there are no certainties anywhere. 
Everything can be interpreted one way and then again interpreted in the opposite sense. 
If you know that I am an unbeliever, then you know me better than I do myself. 
I may be an unbeliever, but I am an unbeliever who has a nostalgia for a belief.
A prince must not have any other object nor any other thought… but war, its institutions, and its discipline; 
because that is the only art befitting one who commands.
We...sin not because we want what is evil, but because we want what isn't good enough.
We follow the ways of wolves, the habits of tigers: or, rather we are worse than they. 
The inner revolution will not be televised or sold on the Internet.  
It must take place within one's own mind and heart.
Les hommes construisent trop de murs et pas assez de ponts.	 
Possibility, infinity, beauty -- none of those words were right. [...] 
What he really wanted to say was: have you felt this? 
this phantom life streaking like a phosphorescent hound at the edges of your ruin? 
You may lie with your mouth, but with the mouth you make as you do so you none the less tell the truth.
A nation is a detour of nature to arrive at five or six great men- yes, and then to get around them.
On marriage:  You sort of stumble along and reconnect and lose each other and reconnect again.
Try for once to justify the meaning of your existence as it were a posteriori by setting yourself an aim, a goal... 
an exalted and noble 'to this end.' Perish in pursuit of this and only this
The bond between husband and wife is a strong one. 
Suppose the man had hunted her out and brought her back. 
The memory of her acts would still be there, and inevitably, sooner or later, it would be cause for rancor. 
We do not create life, we create death.
We youths say “like” all the time because we mistrust reality.
Most of us try to do too much because we are secretly afraid we will not be able to do anything at all.
No code of ethics and no effort are justifiable a priori in the face of the cruel mathematics that command our condition.

The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanations of complex facts. 
We are apt to fall into the error of thinking that the facts are simple because simplicity is the goal of our quest. 
The guiding motto in the life of every natural philosopher should be, 'Seek simplicity and distrust it.
You were born a child of light’s wonderful secret— you return to the beauty you have always been.
There are so many stupid things that steal that purpose from us. 
The stupid things that you believe a lie that we ‘re not as important as we really are. 
That our life isn’t as important as it really is. 
Some day people will ask me what is the key to my success...and I will simply say, "good Karma.
Thought is so cunning, so clever, that it distorts everything for its own convenience.
Some want to live within the soundOf church or chapel bell;I want to run a rescue shop,Within a yard of hell.
Do you see the slightest evidence anywhere in the universe that creation came to an end with the birth of man? 
Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.
when a language dies, a way of understanding the world dies with it, a way of looking at the world. 
Economic power is exercised by means of a positive, by offering men a reward, an incentive, a payment, a value; 
political power is exercised by means of a negative, by the threat of punishment, injury, imprisonment, destruction. 
The businessman's tool is values; the bureaucrat's tool is fear.
Then the lover, who is true and no counterfeit, must of necessity be loved by his love.
هناك شرف أبعد من شرف الجسد...هناك شرف أكبر من الشرف ...و صيانه اللسان من قول الجهل ...مفتاح فى طريق الشرف الانبل 
It's not oil that runs the world, it's shame.
You were free, you are free and you will be free.
You know, I think that only if one feels immensely important can one feel truly light.
لا راحة لمن تعجل الراحة بكسله
And now we step to the rhythm of miracles.--from The Light, That Never Dies
A picture held us captive. 
And we could not get outside it, for it lay in our language and language seemed to repeat it to us inexorably.
Pragmatism asks its usual question. "
Grant an idea or belief to be true," it says, "what concrete difference will its being true make in anyone's actual life? 
How will the truth be realized? 
What experiences will be different from those which would obtain if the belief were false? 
What, in short, is the truth's cash-value in experiential terms?
While I was an honorable man in her eyes, she did not love me.  
There is no fate which cannot be surmounted by scorn.
It is remarkable how long men will believe in the bottomlessness of a pond without taking the trouble to sound it.
A sin is nothing more than regret. Not for doing it once, but doing it again when you know you’re going to regret it.
This is the Modern Man. 
The man who seeks himself without ever seeking, because he does not want to find;
The man who does not hesitate to criticize the other, although he behaves in the same way;
You are what you do. 
If you do boring, stupid monotonous work, chances are you'll end up boring, stupid and monotonous. 
There is but one true philosophical problem and that is suicide.
The more powerful the class, the more it claims not to exist.
Do not trouble about those who practice philosophy, whether they are good or bad; 
but examine the thing itself well and carefully.  
And if philosophy appears a bad thing to you, turn every man from it, not only your sons; 
Beginning to think is beginning to be undermined.  
Society has but little connection with such beginnings.  
The worm is in man's heart.  
That is where it must be sought.  
One must follow and understand this fatal game that leads from lucidity in the face of existence to flight from light.
Sitting still is a pain in the ass.
More powerful than the mighty armies is an idea whose time has come.
Socrates should have written comics.
Slice a pear and you will find that its flesh is incandescent white. 
It glows with inner light. Those who carry a knife and a pear are never afraid of the dark.
If you were offered the chance to live your own life again, would you seize the opportunity? 
The only real philosophical answer is automatically self-contradictory: 'Only if I did not know that I was doing so.' 
Dubium sapientiae initium. (Doubt is the origin of wisdom.)
See the exquisite contrast of the types of mind! 
The pragmatist clings to facts and concreteness, observes truth at its work in particular cases, and generalises. 
Truth, for him, becomes a class-name for all sorts of definite working-values in experience. 
For the rationalist it remains a pure abstraction, to the bare name of which we must defer. 
The symbolism of meat-eating is never neutral. 
To himself, the meat-eater seems to be eating life. 
To the vegetarian, he seems to be eating death. 
We are alone. Live our lives, lacking anything better to do. Devise reason later.
فلنمارس تكنيك النعامه الشهير ::" ما لا نراه نحن - هو على الارجح - غير موجود " !
Inspiration may be a form of super-consciousness, orperhaps of subconsciousness—I wouldn't know. 
But I amsure it is the antithesis of self-consciousness.
Escalators are the offspring of elevators and stairs. Love is the progeny of passion and admiration.
Stercus accidit.
Man is conceived in sin and born in corruption and he passeth from the stink of the didie to the stench of the shroud. 
There is always something(All The King's Men)
The illness of a doctor is always worse than the illnesses of his patients.
Be a surfer. Watch the ocean. Figure out where the big waves are breaking and adjust accordingly.
One can ask why the I has to appear in the cogito {Descartes’ argument “I think therefore I am.}, 
since the cogito, if used rightly, is the awareness of pure consciousness, not directed at any fact or action. 
In fact the I is not necessary here, since it is never united directly to consciousness. 
One can even imagine a pure and self-aware consciousness which thinks of itself as impersonal spontaneity.
The stalker, meanwhile, stepped into the road. 
Didn’t even check for traffic. 
There wasn’t any, but something told me this was lucky for traffic rather than the stalker.
An inventor is a man who asks 'Why?' of the universe and lets nothing stand between the answer and his mind.
I grew up once, I decided never to do it again
أنت لا تمتلك أموال ولا قلوب ولا عقول الدنيا بأهلها .. فبالله عليك لا تخبرني أنك صاحب مبدأ.
It often occurs that pride and selfishness are muddled with strength and independence. 
They are neither equal nor similar; 
in fact, they are polar opposites. 
A coward may be so cowardly that he masks his weakness with some false personification of power. 
He is afraid to love and to be loved because love tends to strip bare all emotional barricades. 
Without love, strength and independence are prone to losing every bit of their worth; 
they become nothing more than a fearful, intimidated, empty tent lost somewhere in the desert of self.
Windmill or no windmill, he said, life would go on as it had always gone on--that is, badly.
Our culture has filled our heads but emptied our hearts, stuffed our wallets but starved our wonder. 
It has fed our thirst for facts but not for meaning or mystery. It produces "nice" people, not heroes.
If someone can prove me wrong and show me my mistake in any thought or action, I shall gladly change.  
I seek the truth, which never harmed anyone: the harm is to persist in one's own self-deception and ignorance.
The debate was wearing me out. 
Once you've posed that question, it won't go away. 
I think many people kill themselves simply to stop the debate about whether they will or they won't. 
Anything I thought or did was immediately drawn into the debate. 
Made a stupid remark—why not kill myself? 
Missed the bus—better put an end to it all. 
Even the good got in there. I liked that movie—maybe I shouldn’t kill myself.
To recognize untruth as a condition of life--that certainly means resisting accustomed value feelings in a dangerous way; 
and a philosophy that risks this would by that token alone place itself beyond good and evil.
He has a plan for everybody here and it’s all a matter of whether you answer it when He calls you.
There are no bad words. Bad thoughts. Bad intentions, and wooooords.
In the end, it is our defiance that redeems us. 
If wolves had a religion – if there was a religion of the wolf – that it is what it would tell us.
There is no man, and no place, without war. 
The only thing we can do is choose a side, and fight. 
That is the only choice we get - who we fight for, who we fight against. That is life.
Love taught me to die with dignity that I might come forth anew in splendor. 
When we talk about sin, we need to understand what sin is. 
Sin is not God says 'you can't do this' because He wants to take something away from you. 
He says: "If you do this, it will be death. 
If you do this, it will be life." 
And then He says: "Please, choose life, so that you can live. 
I've made you, I know how you work. I've made this whole Earth, I know how it works. Please, choose life.
Beauty as we feel it is something indescribable; what it is or what it means can never be said.
I think it was the institution...I was trying to master it.
Don’t test God and make some tests for him. 
That doesn’t make any sense. 
Besides that he can do anything, above everything you could ask. 
He wants your heart to be real. 
He wants a volunteering lover. 
That’s why he gives you a choice. 
He can tell a tree to grow and it will grow. 
But it’s up to you to decide whether you obey him or not, he gave you a will. 
Even though he didn’t give a tree a will, he gave you a will. 
And he says: "I want you to grow, will you grow? 
I want you to love me, will you love me? Like I love you, I love you so much.
Was I insane? 
Maybe. 
But then, there were many different kinds of insanity. 
We are citizens of the world. The tragedy of our times is that we do not know this.
Omnia vincit amor" - "Love conquers all
Treat everyone you meet as if they were you.
The truth is helpless when up against perception
When the heart is dry the eye is dry.
Why do we think love is a magician? 
Because the whole power of magic consists in love. 
The work of magic is the attraction of one thing by another because of a certain affinity of nature.
All statistics have outliers.
The statement ‘There is nothing more American than an Indian’ happens to be a multidimensional paradox.  
Try and not say too many of those.  That might open your mind to ideas that could cause sanity point loss.
The logical man must either deny all miracles or none.
With the truth, all given facts harmonize; but with what is false, the truth soon hits a wrong note.
There's no greater show on earth than observing human nature
What comes, is called.
Hope does not leave without being given permission.
The world's a puzzle; no need to make sense out of it." - Socrates
The premise of the Taker story is 'the world belongs to man'. … 
The premise of the Leaver story is 'man belongs to the world'.
But only he who, himself enlightened, is not afraid of shadows.
Love is our most unifying and empowering common spiritual denominator. 
People with opinions just go around bothering one another.
Whoever wishes to become a philosopher must learn not to be frightened by absurdities.
Our knowledge of circumstances has increased, but our uncertainty, instead of having diminished, has only increased. 
The reason of this is, that we do not gain all our experience at once, but by degrees; 
so our determinations continue to be assailed incessantly by fresh experience; 
and the mind, if we may use the expression, must always be under arms.
What is existence for but to be laughed at if men in their twenties have already attained the utmost?
Es ist nicht genug, zu wissen, man muß auch anwenden; es ist nicht genug, zu wollen, man muß auch tun.
I, while the gods laugh, the world's vortex am;
Maelström of passions in that hidden seaWhose waves of all-time lap the coasts of me;
And in small compass the dark waters cram.- I, While the Gods Laugh, the World's Vortex Am
All resistance is a rupture with what is. 
And every rupture begins, for those engaged in it, through a rupture with oneself.
Our actions are guaranteed to affect others. 
Because we are not alone in this world, much of our learning about ourselves comes from our interaction with others. 
Our relationships are our teachers. We learn from each other.
Everything, no matter how beautiful, is only with us for awhile.
The universe danced towards life. 
Life was a remarkably common commodity. 
One word can change your life forever.I love youI hate youThink about it
ای آمده از عالم روحانی تفتحیران شده در چهار و پنج و شش و هفتمی خور چو ندانی ز کجا آمده ایخوش باش ندانی به کجا خواهی رفت
Atheism is a way of humility. 
It's to think oneself to be an animal, as we are actually and to allow oneself to become human.
Cheapen words and they'll cheapen you
Love life, Live Love
Forbearance in the face of fate, beauty constant under torture, are not merely passive. 
They are a positive achievement, an explicit triumph.
To Trin Tragula's horror, the shock completely annihilated her brain; 
War means fighting. 
The business of the soldier is to fight. 
Education is meaningless without manners
Man cannot live on bread alone. He needs booze too. 
I only know that I know nothing
Someone once told me that the finer points of devotion are about the size of a pinhole, and there are millions of them. 
as soon as we renounce fiction and illusion, we lose reality itself; 
the moment we subtract fictions from reality, reality itself loses its discursive-logical consistency.
للحياة أطواراً لا يخبرها المرء إلا يوماً بيوم
I like Dancing of Indian girls more than my parents’ prayers . 
Because they dance with love and passion . But my parents just say their prayers because they got used to it .
...
Ideas are the source of all things
And if one loves me for my judgement, memory, he does not love me, for I can lose these qualities without losing myself. 
Where, then, is this Ego, if it be neither in the body nor in the soul? 
And how love the body or the soul, except for these qualities which do not constitute me, since they are perishable? 
Sometimes with the most intense pain a paralysis of sensibility occurs. 
the Real-World was a sprawling mess of a book in need of a good editor.
What does it matter where my body happens to be?' he said. 'My mind goes on working all the same.
love make us poets, and the approach of death should make us philosophers.
Saepe creat molles aspera spina rosas" - "Often the prickly thorn produces tender roses
İnsanoğlu nedense anlayamadığı şeylere kötülemeye meyilli.
Problems in science are sometimes made easier by adding complications.
There’s no way you can kill someone and get to the other side of the experience unchanged.
His own life suddenly seemed repellently formal. 
Whom did he know or what did he know and whom did he love? 
I am in this same river. 
I can't much help it. 
I admit it: I'm racist. 
The other night I saw a group (or maybe a pack?) 
or white teenagers standing in a vacant lot, clustered around a 4x4, and I crossed the street to avoid them; 
had they been black, I probably would have taken another street entirely. 
And I'm misogynistic. 
I admit that, too. 
Do not belive in anything simply because you have heard it. 
Do not believe in traditions because they have been handed down for many generations. 
Do not believe in anything because it is spoken and rumored by many. 
Do not believe in anything simply because it is found written in your religious books. 
Do not believe in anything merely on the authority of your teachers and elders. 
First impressions are rarely worth preserving. Men typically fall short of our expectations.
It's the truth, even if it didn't happen......if they don't exist, how can a man see them?
Laughter is the hand of God on the shoulder of a troubled world.
Smartass Disciple: Master, do you really believe in the second chance?
Master of Stupidity: That supports the basis of lost-then-found concept.
When you use your energy and resources to punish people, you run out of energy and resources to protect people.
A few dud universes can really clutter up your basement.
If everyone wants to be somebody, I want to be somebody else
Un-winged and naked, sorrow surrenders its crown to a throne called grace.
It's a thought," I said with a grin."
That's exactly what it is,  Dan - a thought - no more real than the shadow of a shadow. 
Consciousness is not In the body; 
the body is In Consciousness. 
And you Are that Consciousness - no the phantom mind that troubles you so. 
You are the body, but you are everything else, too. 
That is what your visions revealed to you. 
Only the mind resists change. 
When you relax mindless into the body, you are happy and content and free, sensing no separation. 
Immortality is Already yours, but not in the same way you imagined or hope for. 
You have been immortal since before you were born and will be long after the body dissolves. 
The body is in Consciousness; 
never born; 
never dies; 
only changes. 
The mind - your ego, personal beliefs,  history, and identity - is all that ends at death. 
And who needs it?" 
Socrates leaned back into his chair."
I'm not sure all of that sank in.""
Of course not." 
He laughed. "Words mean little unless you realize the truth of it yourself. And when you do, you'll be free at last.
He examined the chess problem and set out the pieces. 
It was a tricky ending, involving a couple of knights.'
White to play and mate in two moves.'
Winston looked up at the portrait of Big Brother. 
White always mates, he thought with a sort of cloudy mysticism. 
Always, without exception, it is so arranged. 
In no chess problem since the beginning of the world has black ever won. 
Did it not symbolize the eternal, unvarying triumph of Good over Evil? 
The huge face gazed back at him, full of calm power. White always mates.
There is no such thing as educational value in the abstract. 
If a man who can’t count finds a four leaf clover, is he lucky?
The complexities of adult life get in the way of the truth. 
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for crisis.
Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art; it arises in hypothesis and flows into achievement.
On a grander scale, when a society segregates itself, the consequences affect the economy, the emotions, and the ecology. 
The greatest mystery the universe offers is not life but Size.
Don't write to sell, write to tell.
It is our attitude toward events, not events themselves, which we can control. 
Nothing is by its own nature calamitous -- even death is terrible only if we fear it.
The same word we love and hate, leaves in different directions, taking different paths.
On one hand the eternal attraction of man towards femininity (cf. 
Gn. 2:23) 
Opinions alter, manners change, creeds rise and fall, but the moral law is written on the tablets of eternity.
la vida sólo puede ser entendida mirando hacia atrás; aunque deba ser vivida mirando hacia adelante
Not bad, not bad at all," Diotallevi said. "
To arrive at the truth through the painstaking reconstruction of a false text.
Whoever is going to listen to the philosophers needs a considerable practice in listening.
He alone is free who lives with free consent under the entire guidance of reason
Treaty with Tripoli, Art. 11. 
As the Government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion;
Too many people get credit for being good, when they are only being passive. 
you can measure the size of a person by what makes him or her angry
Do you shovel to survive, or survive to shovel?
I discovered that it is necessary, absolutely necessary, to believe in nothing.  
Men seek retreats for themselves, houses in the country, sea-shores, and mountains; 
and thou too art wont to desire such things very much. 
انه ينكر الحياة و لكنه لا يستحق الموت
There is one thing, Emma, which a man can always do if he chooses, and that is his duty; 
not by manoeuvring and finessing, but by vigour and resolution.   - Mr. Knightley
Isn't wine prohibited here?" 
the boy asked. "
It's not what enters men's mouths that's evil," said the alchemist. "It's what comes out of their mouths that is.
It's a philosophical minefield!"
The egocentric is always frustrated, simply because the condition of self-perfection is self-surrender. 
There must be a willingness to die to the lower part of self, before there can be a birth to the nobler.
Philosophy is an amazing tissue of really fine thinking and incredible, puerile mistakes.  
There would be no society if living together depended upon understanding each other.
The unknown," said Faxe's soft voice in the forest, "the unforetold, the unproven, that is what life is based on. 
Ignorance is the ground of thought. 
Unproof is the ground of action. 
If it were proven that there is no God there would be no religion. 
No Handdara, no Yomesh, no hearthgods, nothing. 
But also if it were proven that there is a God, there would be no religion. ... 
Tell me, Genry, what is known? 
What is sure, unpredictable, inevitable -- the one certain thing you know concerning your future, and mine?"
That we shall die."
Yes, There's really only one question that can be answered, Genry, and we already know the answer. ... 
The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next.
Everything that can be thought at all can be thought clearly. 
Everything that can be said can be said clearly. Ludwig Wittgenstein
Man’s mind is his basic tool of survival. 
Life is given to him, survival is not. 
His body is given to him, its sustenance is not. 
His mind is given to him, its content is not. 
To remain alive, he must act, and before he can act he must know the nature and purpose of his action. 
He cannot obtain his food without a knowledge of food and of the way to obtain it. 
He cannot dig a ditch – or build a cyclotron – without a knowledge of his aim and of the means to achieve it. 
To remain alive, he must think.	“
But to think is an act of choice. 
It's impossible to walk through solid rock... You have to walk between the molecules that make up the rock.
The will of the people, moreover, practically means the will of the most numerous or the most active part of the people; 
the majority, or those who succeed in making themselves accepted as the majority; 
type people, consequently, may desire to oppress a part of their number; 
and precautions are as much needed against this as against any other abuse of power.
Without living, how can you know? Without knowing, how can you speak?
The priest therefore saw what the anchorite could not.  
That God needs no witness.  
Neither to himself nor against. 
Never say never
Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it?" 
said the March Hare."
Exactly so," said Alice."
Then you should say what you mean," the March Hare went on."
I do," Alice hastily replied; "
at least--at least I mean what I say--that's the same thing, you know.""
Knowledge can be acquired by a suitable and complete study, no matter what the starting point is. 
Only one must know how to 'learn.' 
What is nearest to us is man; 
and you are the nearest of all men to yourself. Begin with the study of yourself; remember the saying 'Know thyself.
We played for about half an hour before I realized we were actually playing two different games. 
Leaving your religion and having to invent your own system of values is a big deal, after all.
I used to think I knew what was right and what was wrong, and who the good guys are, and who the bad guys are. 
Then the world got very gray, and I didn't know anything for a long time
Before you hate something you should try to understand it.
Maybe I’m strange and perverse, but I’ve always thought there was something sexy about a compelling argument.
I am dead because I lack desire,I lack desire because I think I possess.
I think I possess because I do not try to give.
In trying to give, you see that you have nothing;
Seeing that you have nothing, you try to give of yourself;
Trying to give of yourself, you see that you are nothing:Seeing that you are nothing, you desire to become;
In desiring to become, you begin to live.
Those who know that they are profound strive for clarity. 
Those who would like to seem profound to the crowd strive for obscurity. 
For the crowd believes that if it cannot see to the bottom of something it must be profound. 
It is so timid and dislikes going into the water.
Do you believe in God, doctor?"
No - but what does that really mean? 
I'm fumbling in the dark, struggling to make something out. But I've long ceased finding that original.
where the telescope ends the microscope begins, and who can say which has the wider vision?
I think to think. 
Not to be thought-full, or to reach a point of wisdom or acquire a grace of knowledge. 
I think for the sensuality of thought.
Veel van wat aanvankelijk alleen in de verbeelding bestaat, wordt werkelijkheid.
For Reason, ruling alone, is a force confining; and Passion, unattended,is a flame that burns to its own destruction.
Art is long, and Time is fleeting.
Ignorance isn't a sword. It's a weight that drags a soul swirling to the bottom of the sea.
But this wealth of information produced little or no insight.
A culture is made — or destroyed — by its articulate voices.
6.4311
Der Tod ist kein Ereignis des Lebens. 
Den Tod erlebt man nicht.
By that which you kill are you bound.
In any compromise between food and poison, it is only death that can win. 
In any compromise between good and evil, it is only evil that can profit.
But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; 
but i laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.
I never quite understood the question that says, is the glass half empty or half full?  
What’s the difference?  Eventually it’ll end up empty and in the trash.
why are we here?where do we come from?traditionally,these are questionsfor philosophy,but philosophy is dead
I'll follow you, even to death—but I won't live with you any more.
What one generation finds ridiculous, the next accepts; 
and the third shudders when it looks back on what the first did.
Pride makes us artificial; humility makes us real
In my opinion, our health care system has failed when a doctor fails to treat an illness that is treatable.
Best way to get rid of pain is to havesome more of it....you will feel better!!
The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. 
It is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and true science. 
Whoever does not know it and can no longer wonder, no longer marvel, is as good as dead, and his eyes are dimmed. 
It was the experience of mystery— even if mixed with fear— that engendered religion. 
I have never seen or heard of such a fish. 
But I must kill him. 
I am glad we do not have to try to kill the stars.” 
Imagine if each day a man must try to kill the moon, he thought. 
The moon runs away. . . . 
Under heaven all can see beauty as beauty only because there is ugliness. 
All can know good as good only because there is evil.
But I realized something. 
About art. 
And psychiatry. 
They're both self-perpetuating systems. 
Like religion. 
If you don't know that God loves you, he does. He loves his creation. And you're his creation.
Just because people have the choice to do bad things doesn’t mean that He can’t use it for better and for good. 
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back.
Hatred is never ended by hatred but by love,
Listen." 
Jennifer reverted, "I didn't mean anything by all of that before. 
I understand what you were trying to do and ..." 
She struggled for the right words. "
Sweetie, like love, people don't live inside of life, life lives inside of you. 
Open yourself up to it and there's no stopping your heart.
Lend me your ears and you can borrow my mind
Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of production and trade...
It is not God that is worshipped but the authority that claims to speak in His name. 
Sin becomes disobedience to authority not violation of integrity.
Life is a book. We fill the pages.
Each day acquire something that will fortify you against poverty, against death, indeed against othermisfortunes as well; 
and after you have run over many thoughts, select one to be thoroughly digested that day
I wonder why peopke are so afraid of love. 
Of different kinds of love. 
I just don't get it. Why aren't we afraid of racism" Of war? But love? It just doesn't make sense.
Her maktul katilinde yaşamaya devam eder.
The spectacle is at the same time the mirage of self in the mirror of things.
If we cannot comprehend God in his visible works, how then in his inconceivable thoughts, that call the works into being?

When the writing is good, a book becomes a mirror. The reader will see an uncanny familiarity and respond accordingly.
I surround myself with things that make me happy. Why? Because ... it makes me happy.
You're captives of a civilizational system that more or less compels you to go on destroying the world in order to live. … 
You are captives—and you have made a captive of the world itself.  
That's what's at stake, isn't it?—your captivity and the captivity of the world.
Knowledge becomes evil if the aim be not virtuous.
Thought's a luxury. 
Do you think the peasant sits and thinks of God and Democracy when he gets inside his mud hut at night?
The philosopher whose dealings are with divine order himself acquires the characteristics of order and divinity.
Aristotle raped reason.  
Izzi: Remember Moses Morales? 
Tom Verde: Who? 
Izzi: The Mayan guide I told you about. 
Tom Verde: From your trip. 
Izzi: Yeah. 
The last night I was with him, he told me about his father, who had died. 
Well Moses wouldn't believe it. 
Tom Verde: Izzi... 
Izzi: [embraces Tom] No, no. 
Listen, listen. 
He said that if they dug his father's body up, it would be gone. 
They planted a seed over his grave. 
The seed became a tree. 
Moses said his father became a part of that tree. 
He grew into the wood, into the bloom. 
And when a sparrow ate the tree's fruit, his father flew with the birds. 
He said... 
death was his father's road to awe. 
That's what he called it. 
The road to awe. 
Now, I've been trying to write the last chapter and I haven't been able to get that out of my head! 
Tom Verde: Why are you telling me this? Izzi: I'm not afraid anymore, Tommy.
Diversity is a survival factor for the community itself.  
A community of a hundred million species can survive anything short of total global catastrophe.  
The mythology of your culture hums in your ears so constantly that no one pays the slightest bit of attention to it.  
Of course man is conquering space and the atom and the deserts and the oceans and the elements.  
According to your mythology, this is what he was BORN to do.
The ways of fate are indeed hard to understand.  
If there is not some compensation hereafter, then the world is a cruel jest.
The greatest untold story is the evolution of God.
In actual fact. 
There is a danger there - a very real danger to humanity. 
Consider, Watson, that the material, the sensual, the worldly would all prolong their worthless lives. 
The spiritual would not avoid the call to something higher. 
It would be the survival of the least fit. What sort of cesspool may not our poor world become?
Unfortunately, religion often works to shrink and tame the very wild and mysterious forces that first drew our wonder. 
Step out of my sunlight.
As long as a man had the courage to reject what society told him to do, he could live life on his own terms.  
To what end?  To be free.  But free to what end?  To read books, to write books, to think.
Moments are the elements of profit
My desire for knowledge is intermittent; 
but my desire to bathe my head in atmospheres unknown to my feet is perennial and constant. 
The highest that we can attain to is not Knowledge, but Sympathy with Intelligence. 
Material wealth can be bad for your health.
Because when you’re in the soil it’ll make your blood boil,that you couldn’t keep it all for your self.
The world was floods above and fire below
I don’t know whether this world has a meaning that transcends it. 
But I know that I cannot know that meaning and that it is impossible for me just now to know it. 
Aristotle may be regarded as the cultural barometer of Western history. 
Whenever his influence dominated the scene, it paved the way for one of history's brilliant eras; 
whenever it fell, so did mankind.
Absurdity is the ecstasy of intellectualism.
It is more Important to be of pure intention than of perfect action.
Who we are now is all that really matters.
I cannot encourage any fabrication even for the sake of making people feel good. 
If you cannot find an element of Humour in something, your not taking it seriously enough.
Question the answers, I repeated every class. Reevaluate your conclusions when the evidence changes.
Raise a smile and lower stress
The awful thing is that if i can forget they're people, it will be no different at all
Language disguises thought.
It is culture that is the bully."Orn Ald yos'Senchul to Theo Waitley, Saltation
All the world is queer save thee and me, and even thou art a little queer.
This is the best thing to wear for today, you understand. 
Because I don't like women in skirts and the best thing is to wear pantyhose or some pants under a short skirt, I think. 
Then you have the pants under the skirt and then you can pull the stockings up over the pants underneath the skirt. 
And you can always take off the skirt and use it as a cape. So I think this is the best costume for today.
We love ourselves notwithstanding our faults, and we ought to love our friends in like manner.
How, in such an alien and inhuman world, can so powerless a creature as man preserve his aspirations untarnished? 
If your leg is in a cast, it's really dumb to sit in front of your computer doing unnecessary stuff with it hanging down. 
Your leg will swell and heal slower, if at all. 
When you go to your doctor, he/she will give you one of those "you're really dumb and self destructive" looks. 
Also, "Why didn't you follow my orders and rest?" 
Your doctor will be right, and so will mine at my next office visit. 
Elevate, folk! Elevate your mind, your soul, and your leg, in the order needed!
For others, in spite of myself, from myself.
If you wish to make Pythocles rich, do not add to his store of money, but subtract from his desires.
I try--without success--to stop finding reasons for vanity in anything.  
When I happen to manage it nonetheless, I feel that I no longer belong to the mortal gang.  
I am above everything then, above the gods themselves.  
Perhaps that is what death is: a sensation of great, of extreme superiority.  
...convinced that in trying to please all, he had pleased none, and had lost his ass into the bargain.
Philosophy is not a spectator sport.
He must not merely cling to life, for then he will be a coward, and will not escape. 
He must not merely wait for death, for then he will be a suicide, and will not escape. 
He must seek his life in a spirit of furious indifference to it.
The last of the cherry blossom. 
On the tree, itturns ever more perfect. 
And when it’s perfect, it falls. 
And then of course once it hits theground it gets all mushed up. 
So it’s only absolutely perfect when it’s falling through the air,this way and that, for the briefest time!.!.!.
...
...
he asked, "Where are you today, right now?"
Eagerly, I started talking about myself. 
However, I noticed that I was still being sidetracked from getting answers to my questions. 
Still, I told him about my distant and recent past and about my inexplicable depressions. 
He listened patiently and intently, as if he had all the time in the world, until I finished several hours later."
Very well," he said. "
But you still have not answered my question about where you are.""
Yes I did, remember? 
I told you how I got to where I am today: by hard work.""
Where are you?""
What do you mean, where am I?""
Where Are you?" 
he repeated softly."
I'm here.""
Where is here?""
In this office, in this gas station!" 
I was getting impatient with this game."
Where is this gas station?""
In Berkeley?""
Where is Berkeley?""
In California?""
Where is California?""
In the United States?""
On a landmass, one of the continents in the Western Hemisphere. 
Socrates, I...""
Where are the continents?
I sighed. "
On the earth. 
Are we done yet?""
Where is the earth?""
In the solar system, third planet from the sun. 
The sun is a small star in the Milky Way galaxy, all right?""
Where is the Milky Way?""
Oh, brother, " I sighed impatiently, rolling my eyes. "
In the universe." 
I sat back and crossed my arms with finality."
And where," Socrates smiled, "is the universe?""
The universe is well, there are theories about how it's shaped...""
That's not what I asked. 
Where is it?""
I don't know - how can I answer that?""
That is the point. 
You cannot answer it, and you never will. 
There is no knowing about it. 
You are ignorant of where the universe is, and thus, where you are. 
In fact, you have no knowledge of where anything is or of What anything is or how is came to be. 
Life is a mystery."
My ignorance is based on this understanding. 
Your understanding is based on ignorance. This is why I am a humorous fool, and you are a serious jackass.
Slowly we became silent, and silence itself if an enemy to friendship.
Apocalypse is a frame of mind." [
Nicodemus] said then. "A belief. A surrender to inevitability. It is a despair for the future. It is the death of hope.
Many married women who have deliberately spurned the "hour" of childbearing are unhappy and frustrated. 
They never discovered the joys of marriage because they refused to surrender to the obligation of their state. 
In saving themselves, they lost themselves!
If the emotions are free the intellect will look after itself
Love itself is what is left over when being "in love" has burned away, and this is both an art and a fortunate accident.

Don't hate the media; become the media.
We in our age are faced with a strange paradox. 
He walked on in silence, the solitary sound of his footsteps echoing in his head, as in a deserted street, at dawn. 
The most important thing about a technology is how it changes people.
ومن حدثك عن حلم الدولة العادلة.. فلا تقل له شيئا.. اتركه للزمن.. وقل حسبي الله على كتب التاريخ
In a world of chance is there a better and a worse? 
We yield to a stranger's embrace or give ourselves to the waves; 
for the blink of an eyelid our vigilance relaxes; 
we are asleep; 
and when we awake, we have lost the direction of our lives. 
What are these blinks of an eyelid, against which the only defence is an eternal and inhuman wakefulness? 
Might they not be the cracks and chinks through which another voice, other voices, speak in our lives? 
By what right do we close our ears to them? (Susan Barton)
If the sum of living be love's fee,Tremble.  You are my one eternity.
Irreverence is a most necessary ingredient of religion. 
Not to speak of its importance in philosophy. Irreverence is the only way left to us for testing our universe.
You know, if a waitress asks me if I want ketchup with my fries, I’ll reply, “No thanks, I’ll just drink water.” 
And that’s not just a statement about table etiquette; 
it’s a personal quote that accurately reflects my moral and philosophical belief system.
Charity is no substitute for justice withheld.
Life:  It is better not to wrap philosophy around such an inconceivable evolving beautiful mystery. 
If based on perception, alone; whatever the conclusion - it is still guessing.
This is the paradox of public space: even if everyone knows an unpleasant fact, saying it in public changes everything. 
Like apes, we breed, sleep, and die. Yet like God we say, "I am." We are ontological oxymorons.
In the beginner’s mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert’s there are few
I believe that the imagination is the passport we create to take us into the real world. 
I believe the imagination is another phrase for what is most uniquely us.
Quote words that affirmall men and women are yourbrothers and sisters.
Mere philosophy will not satisfy us.  
We cannot reach the goal by mere words alone.  Without practice, nothing can be achieved.  (3)
If you alone found out what the lie was, then you're probably right—it would make no great difference.  
But if you ALL found out what the lie was, it might conceivably make a very great difference indeed.
As a rule, we don't like to feel to sad or lonely or depressed. 
So why do we like music (or books or movies) that evoke in us those same negative emotions? 
Why do we choose to experience in art the very feelings we avoid in real life?
Aristotle deals with a similar question in his analysis of tragedy. 
Tragedy, after all, is pretty gruesome. […] 
There's Sophocles's Oedipus, who blinds himself after learning that he has killed his father and slept with his mother. 
Why would anyone watch this stuff? 
Wouldn't it be sick to enjoy watching it? […] 
Tragedy's pleasure doesn't make us feel "good" in any straightforward sense. 
On the contrary, Aristotle says, the real goal of tragedy is to evoke pity and fear in the audience. 
Now, to speak of the pleasure of pity and fear is almost oxymoronic. 
Astonishment is the root of philosophy.
Vivo sin vivir en mí... muero porque no muero. (I live without really being alive... I die because I am not dying.)
O dear Pan and all the other gods of this place, grant that I may be beautiful inside. 
Let all my external possessions be in friendly harmony with what is within. 
May I consider the wise man rich. As for gold, let me have as much as a moderate man could bear and carry with him.
The world has become sad because a puppet was once melancholy.  
[T]he price you've paid is not the price of becoming human.  
It's not even the price of having the things you just mentioned.  
It's the price of enacting a story that casts mankind as the enemy of the world.
فى طرق السعى الباطل مركبتـــــــــانواحدة تصعد فى الطرق الجبليه ...والاخرى تهوى فى القيعان
As long as your ideas of what's possible are limited by what's actual, no other idea has a chance.
All beings so far have created something beyond themselves; 
and do you want to be the ebb of this great flood and even go back to the beasts rather than overcome man? 
What is the ape to man? 
A laughingstock or a painful embarrassment. 
And man shall be just that for the overman: a laughingstock or a painful embarrassment…
The spread of evil is the symptom of a vacuum. 
But men labor under a mistake. 
The better part of the man is soon plowed into the soil for compost. 
The art of music is good, for the reason, among others, that it produces pleasure; 
but what proof is it possible to give that pleasure is good? 
The world is a good judge of things, for it is in natural ignorance, which is man's true state. 
The sciences have two extremes which meet. 
The first is the pure natural ignorance in which all men find themselves at birth. 
We need to walk to know sacred places, those around us and those within.  We need to walk to remember the songs.
the exclusive worship of the bitch-goddess sucess is our national disease
To know when you have enough is to be rich.
People do not know how what is at variance agrees with itself. 
It is an attunement of opposite tensions, like that of the bow and the lyre.
A false-statement requires deceit and distortion for someone to buy it, but a truthful-statement sells itself.
...
Body is a home, a prison and a grave.
There is nothing more natural than to consider everything as starting from oneself, chosen as the center of the world; 
one finds oneself thus capable of condemning the world without even wanting to hear its deceitful chatter.
Personally, I prefer Stevie Wonder," confessed the Chink, "but what the hell. 
Etre dans le vent, c'est avoir le destin des feuilles mortes.
Every man knows that he will die: and nobody believes it. 
On that paradox stand not only a host of religions but the entity of a sane being.
Freedom is an absolute state, there is no such thing as being half-free.
They [Nazi captors]had more liberty, more options to choose from in their environment; 
but he [Viktor Frankl] had more freedom, more internal power to exercise his options.
Think of me as an impetuous Hegel, drunk with power, and also, regular drunk.
How could someone possibly be that beautiful? 
She wondered for the hundred thousandth time. 
What higher power orchestrated such a perfect union of genes? 
Who decided that one single solitary soul deserved skin like that? 
It was so fundamentally unfair.(Chasing Harry Winston)
Sometimes the sound of silence is the most deafening sound of all.
love as a passion—it is our European specialty—must absolutely be of noble origin; 
The cinema is truth 24 frames-per-second
He did not wish to be divine. 
If there had never been a God, the emperor thought, it might have been easier to work out what goodness was. 
This business of worship, of the abnegation of self in the face of the Almighty, was a distraction, a false trail. 
Keinginan telah mengajarkan kepadamu betapa sia-sianya keinginan, penyesalan mengajarkan betapa sia-sianya penyesalan. 
Bersabarlah wahai kekeliruan, karena kami semua menjadi bagianmu. 
Bersabarlah wahai Ketidaksempurnaan, berkat engkaulah Kesempurnaan menyadari dirinya. 
Bersabarlah kemarahan, karena engkau tidak kekal abadi.
Those who do not think bout the future cannot have one.
Ignore a person kill the person.
Never say no to now
There is no problem more difficult to solve than that created by ourselves.
Atheism leaves a man to sense, to philosophy, to natural piety, to laws, to reputation; 
all which may be guides to an outward moral virtue, though religion were not; 
but superstition dismounts all these, and erecteth an absolute monarchy in the minds of men. 
Therefore atheism did never perturb states; 
Good authors worry about genres great authors don't.
All of Western philosophy is but a footnote to Plato.
Maybe we should always start everything from the inside and work to the outside, and not from the outside to the inside. 
What d'you think?
The goal of education is to enable individuals to continue their education.
When you've had one call after another and your little one is tugging on your shirt, remember what really matters. 
Man was born for society. 
However little He may be attached to the World, He never can wholly forget it, or bear to be wholly forgotten by it. 
الكتب كالبشر .. قليل منها يلعب دورا عظيما
Later on in life, you expect a bit of rest, don't you? 
You think you deserve it. 
I did, anyway. But then you begin to understand that the reward of merit is not life's business.
Socrates: Have you noticed on our journey how often the citizens of this new land remind each other it is a free country? 
Plato: I have, and think it odd they do this.
Socrates: How so, Plato?
Plato: It is like reminding a baker he is a baker, or a sculptor he is asculptor.
Socrates: You mean to say if someone is convinced of their trade, they haveno need to be reminded.
Plato: That is correct.
Socrates: I agree. If these citizens were convinced of their freedom, they would not need reminders.
Every life is different because you passed this way and touched history.
To conquer oneself is the best and noblest victory; 
to be vanquished by one's own nature is the worst and most ignoble defeat.
Look, girls know when they’re cute,” he said. “
You don’t have to tell them. 
All they need to do is look in the mirror. 
I have one friend out in New York, an attorney. 
She moved out there after the school year to take the bar. 
She doesn’t have a job. 
I was like, ‘How are you going to get a job there in this market?’ 
And she’s like, ‘I’ll wink and I’ll smile.’ 
She’s a pretty girl. Whether that works despite her poor grades is yet to be seen.
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
A stone is heavy and the sand is weighty; but a fool's wrath is heavier than them both.
Those who meet Jesus always experience either joy or its opposites, either foretastes of Heaven or foretastes of Hell. 
Not everyone who meets Jesus is pleased, and not everyone is happy, but everyone is shocked.
A lie never grows old.
Life is like yoga; the only way you can enjoy it is by relaxing into any position you happen to find yourself in.
It's not enough merely to exist. 
Every man has to seek in his own way to make his own self more noble and to relize his own true worth.
Despite its successes, in the end, philosophical thinking always falls short of its real goal. 
It involves both the wonder of aspiring toward the Truth and the distress of falling short of that Truth. 
In this way, philosophy can be characterized as wondrous distress.
It is closer to the truth to say that God is crazy than that God is reasonable. 
Believe in human beings - not all are good, but deep down all can be. 
But that doesn't mean you need to hang around crappy people and try to turn them around.
Self-discipline is a form of freedom.  
Be the kind of person who catches the shit before it hits the fan, not the one who scrapes it off afterwards.
It's not him who's disturbed. But he likes to disturb others--to shake them out of their rut.
If you appreciate the small things, you're likely to get the big ones.
Make life easier by living in the present and believing in the future.
For a game, you don’t need a teacher.
One must reach out and try to grasp this astonishing finesse, that the value of lif cannot be estimated.
Too lazy to be ambitious,I let the world take care of itself.
Ten days' worth of rice in my bag;
a bundle of twigs by the fireplace.
Why chatter about delusion and enlightenment?
Listening to the night rain on my roof,I sit comfortably, with both legs stretched out.
Man is nothing else but that which he makes of himself.
You see, the deaf have an intimacy with silence. It’s there in their dreams.
It is a self-deception of philosophers and moralists to imagine that they escape decadence by opposing it. 
That is beyond their will; 
All things of the body stream away like a river, all things of the mind are dreams and delusion; 
life is warfare, and a visit to a strange land; the only lasting fame is oblivion.
And last are the few whose delight is in meditation and understanding; 
who yearn not for goods, nor for victory, but for knowledge; 
who leave both market and battlefield to lose themselves in the quiet clarity of secluded thought; 
If we are merely matter intricately assembled, is this really demeaning? 
If there's nothing here but atoms, does that make us less or does that make matter more?
You are what your creators and experiences have made you, like every other being in this universe.  
Accept that and be done; I tire of your whining.
I have been accused of a habit of changing my opinions. 
I am not myself in any degree ashamed of having changed my opinions. 
There is no future without a past, because what is to be cannot be imagined except as a form of repetition.
Empty is the argument of the philosopher which does not relieve any human suffering.
All men have their frailties; and whoever looks for a friend without imperfections, will never find what he  seeks.
You know, bicycling isn't just a matter of balance," I said.  "
it's a matter of faith.  
You can keep upright only by moving forward.  
You have to have your eyes on the goal, not the ground.  I'm going to call that the Bicyclist's Philosophy of Life.
To be prepared against surprise is to be trained.  To be prepared for surprise is to be educated.
Imagination is cheap as long as you don't have to worry about the details.
Where humanitysowed faith, hope, and unity, joy’s garden blossomed.
Philosophy without action is the ruin of the soul. 
One brave deed is worth a hundred books, a thousand theories, a million words. 
Now as always we need heroes. And heroines! Down with the passive and the limp.
I think I exist, therefore I exist.  I think.
If there's one thing I detest it's a man of principles.
What we think, we become
There's no backward and no forward, no day other than this. You fill your cart as you go, and that's that.
Were prayers of murderers, when fighting on the “right side” of the war, ever heard—let alone answered?
Poetry and art nourish the soul of the world with the flavor-filled substances of beauty, wisdom and truth.
We're on a planet, relax!
Snow floated down every once in a while, but it was frail snow, like a memory fading into the distance.
Men have such a good opinion of themselves, of their mental superiority and intellectual depth; 
The more he identifies with the dominant images of need, the less he understands his own life and his own desires.  
The muffled syllables that Nature speaksFill us with deeper longing for her word; 
She hides a meaning that the spirit seeks,She makes a sweeter music than is heard.
No man is crushed by misfortune unless he has first been deceived by prosperity
It’s ever been the way of the man of science or philosophy.  
Most folks stay in the dark and then complain they can’t see nothing.” – Snipes (185)
All actual life is encounter.
What is in mind is a sort of Chautauqua...
that's the only name I can think of for it...
And so these refined parents rejected their five-year-old girl to all kinds of torture.  
They beat her, kicked her, flogged her, for no reason that they themselves knew of.  
The child’s whole body was covered in bruises.  
Eventually they devised a new refinement.  
Definitions are the guardians of rationality, the first line of defense against the chaos of mental disintegration.
We each have within ourselves the ability to shape our own destinies. 
That much we understand. 
But, more important, each of us has an equal ability to shape the destiny of the universe. 
Ah, that you find more difficult to believe. 
But I tell you it is so. 
You do not have to be the leader of the Council. 
You do not have to be king or monarch or the head of a clan to have a significant impact on the world around you.
In the vastness of the ocean, is any drop of water greater than another?
No, you answer, and neither has a single drop the ability to cause a tidal wave.
But, I argue, if a single drop falls into the ocean, it creates ripples. 
And these ripples spread. 
And perhaps - who knows - these ripples may grow and swell and eventually break foaming upon the shore.
Like a drop in the vast ocean, each of us causes ripples as we move through our lives. 
The effects of whatever we do - insignificant as it may seem - spread out beyond us. 
We may never know what far-reaching impact even the simplest action might have on our fellow mortals. 
A constitution that is made for all nations is made for none.
...as I get older, I find myself insisting on my right to be philosophically sloppy.
Television's perfect. 
Reverence the highest, have patience with the lowest. 
Let this day's performance of the meanest duty be thy religion. 
Are the stars too distant, pick up the pebble that lies at thy feet, and from it learn the all.
God is defined by Jesus but not confined to Jesus.
So, when on one side you hoist in Locke's head, you go over that way; 
but now, on the other side, hoist in Kant's and you come back again; 
but in very poor plight. 
Thus, some minds for ever keep trimming boat. 
Oh, ye foolish! throw all these thunder-heads overboard, and then you will float light and right.
THE PRESOCRATIC PROBLEM[all snap flags]Parmenides named his gun The Hot Power of the Stars. 
His gun was one, uncreated, imperishable, timeless, changeless, perfect, spherical. Spherical was the problem.
Together, "Light and Knowledge" are Inanimate, Intangible, and Inseparable.
There are no free lunches in philosophy any more than in real life.
Philosophy, as we use the word, is a fight against the fascination which forms of expression exert upon us.
Flexibility makes buildings to be stronger, imagine what it can do to your soul.
High thoughts must have high language.
To be, or not to be: what a question!
The sole philosophy open to those who doubt the possibility of truth is absolute silence -- even mental.
Thus I assume that to each according to his threat advantage is not a conception of justice.
Perfection is something we should all strive for.  
It's a duty and a joy to perfect one's nature... 
The most difficult thing is love.  
A loveless, driving person that just competes in the rat race is far from perfection in my book.
Nobody wants to believe that existence carries on without at least taking a stumble from their departure of this world.
[P]hilosophy . . .consists chiefly in suggesting unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.
After your death, you will be what you were before your birth.
The ethos of redemption is realized in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires.
L'étude du beau est un duel où l'artiste crie de frayeur avant d'être vaincu.
On the one hand, all truth is relative; 
on the other hand, postmodernism tells it like it really is.
On the one hand, all cultures are equally deserving of respect; 
on the other, Western culture is uniquely destructive and bad.
Values are subjective--but sexism and racism are really evil.
Technology is bad and destructive--and it is unfair that some people have more technology than others.
Tolerance is good and dominance is bad--but when postmodernists come to power, political correctness follows.
When I say that I am convinced of these things I speak with too much pride. 
Far off, like a perfect pearl, one can see the city of God. 
It is so wonderful that it seems as if a child could reach it in a summer's day. 
And so a child could. 
But with me and such as me it is different. 
One can realise a thing in a single moment, but one loses it in the long hours that follow with leaden feet. 
It is so difficult to keep 'heights that the soul is competent to gain.' 
We think in eternity, but we move slowly through time; 
Sex is useful - for creation and control. Character becomes more important when you begin meeting men.
I wanted movement and not a calm course of existence. 
I wanted excitement and the chance to sacrifice myself for my love. 
I felt it in myself a superabundance of energy which found no outlet in our quiet life.
One does what one is; one becomes what one does.
This body is fragile. It is just flesh. Listen to the heartbeat. Life depends on the pumping of a muscle.
It takes a well-spent lifetime, and perhaps more, to crystalize in us that for which we exist.
Many waters cannot quench love, neither can floods drown it. What then kills love? Only this: Neglect.
Il y a les sachants et les savants: c'est la mémoire qui fait les uns, c'est la philosophie qui fait les autres. 
La philosophie ne s'apprend pas; la philosophie est la réunion des sciences acquises au génie qui les applique.
The cosmos is within us. We are made of star-stuff. We are a way for the universe to know itself.
Going green doesn’t start with doing green acts — it starts with a shift in consciousness. 
We have negative mental habits that come up over and over again. 
First of all, Buddhism is neither pessimistic nor optimistic.  
If anything at all, it is realistic, for it takes a realistic view of life and the world.  
It looks at things objectively (yathābhūtam).  
When your tears become invisible, disappear
My teacher asked my favorite color. ... I said ‘Rainbow’.... and I was punished to stand out of my class.
Free your mind from routine, keep your brain somewhere else
Waves of hands, hesitations at street corners, someone dropping a cigarette into the gutter-all are stories. 
But which is the true story? 
That I do not know. 
Hence I keep my phrases hung like clothes in a cupboard, waiting for some one to wear them. 
Thus waiting, thus speculating, making this note and then an· other I do not cling to life. 
I shall be brushed like a bee from a sunflower. 
My philosophy, always accumulating, welling up moment by moment, runs like quicksilver a dozen ways at once.
Never let your uniqueness be compromised
In every ancient religious and sacred text, faith is a verb; 
a thing to be demonstrated. It is in modern days that we have diluted faith from an act to a philosophy.
We are seeds as well as parasites to the earth. We can either give or take, depending on our perception of growth.
Пустинните бурени оцеляват, а пролетното цвете разцъфва и повяхва.
You have made the moon," The Jester said. "That is the moon.
MIGHT, something God only has.
În clipa când ți se impune să nu te gândești la un lucru, te vei gândi doar la el, obsesiv. 
Interdicția devine obligație.
Why is it so difficult for us to think in relative terms? 
The command of our language is crucial to focusing our thoughts and communicating them with precision to others.
I Take Life Very Seriously: One Joke At A Time.
Life is a complexwith real and imaginary parts
We co-create our reality with others in unseen ways.
God created philosophy for all the intellects that got bored of hearing the same bible stories every Sunday.
All is flux
At sunrise everything is luminous but not clear.
Leave the door open for the unknown, the door into the dark. 
That’s where the most important things come from, where you yourself came from, and where you will go.
Act only according to that maxim whereby you can at the same time will that it should become a universal law.
Philosophers are people who know less and less about more and more, until they know nothing about everything. 
Scientists are people who know more and more about less and less, until they know everything about nothing.
I should attempt to treat human vice and folly geometrically... 
A hydrogen atom in a cell at the end of my nose was once part of an elephant's trunk. 
A carbon atom in my cardiac muscle was once in the tail of a dinosaur.
Ben, if you get pee in my brand-new car, I am going to cut your balls off."
Still peeing, Ben looks over at me smirking. "You´re gonna need a hell of a big knife, bro.
Everything smaller than Heaven bores us because only Heaven is bigger than our hearts.
The maturity of man—that means, to have reacquired the seriousness that one had as a child at play
But understanding will always require some effort. 
You probably wouldn't admire a friend who was good at everything if it cost her no effort.
It is pointless to ask: Why then is sex so secret? 
You can recognize a small truth because its opposite is a falsehood. The opposite of a great truth is another truth.
There lies before us, if we choose, continual progress in happiness, knowledge and wisdom. 
Shall we instead choose death, because we cannot forget our quarrels? 
I appeal as a human being to human beings; remember your humanity, and forget the rest.
When the road ahead seems impossible, start the engine
It is quite true what Philosophy says: that Life must be understood backwards. 
But that makes one forget the other saying: that it must be lived—forwards. 
wherever you find the greatest good, you will find the greatest evil, because evil loves paradise as much as good.
 ... 
There is no sickness worse for me than words that to be kind must lie.
What's the survival value of obsessing on a sunset?
For me, writing is immortality. It is wisdom. It is never-ending.
As individuals express their life, so they are.
...
even nursery tales only echo an almost pre-natal leap of interest and amazement. 
These tales say that apples were golden only to refresh the forgotten moment when we found that they were green. 
They make rivers run with wine only to make us remember, for one wild moment, that they run with water.
Men would no longer be victims of nature or of their own largely irrational societies: reason would triumph; 
universal harmonious cooperation, true history, would at last begin.   
For if this was not so, do the ideas of progress, of history, have any meaning? 
True, life is complex. But so are a great many accidents.
See the moon?  It hates us.
To sum it all up, the [Ayn] Rand belief system looks like this:1. 
Facts are facts: things can be absolutely right or absolutely wrong, as determined by reason.2. 
According to my reasoning, I am absolutely right.3. Charity is immoral.4. Pay for your own fucking schools.
Philosophizing is simply one way of being afraid, a cowardly pretense that doesn't get you anywhere.
You cannot be buried in obscurity: you are exposed upon a grand theater to the view of the world. 
If your actions are upright and benevolent, be assured they will augment your power and happiness.
Suicidal glory is the luxury of the irresponsible.
Philosophy begins in wonder. And at the end when philosophic thought has done its best the wonder remains.
Philosophy ought to question the basic assumptions of the age. 
I had a microscopic eye for the blemish, for the grain of ugliness which to me constituted the sole beauty of the object.

Islam deals not only with what man must and must not do, but also with what he needs to know. 
In other words, Islam is both a way of acting and doing things and a way of knowing.
The gods are fond of the cryptic and dislike the evident.
Action is the activity of the rational soul, which abhors irrationality and must combat it or be corrupted by it.  
It is suicide to be abroad. But what it is to be at home, ... what it is to be at home? A lingering dissolution.
One of the professors told me last week that he feels bad teaching with the way the economy is now. ‘
What’s the point?’ he said. ‘Kids aren’t getting jobs.’ You never hear faculty talk that way. He did.
Words are made for a certain exactness of thought, as tears are for a certain degree of pain. 
What is least distinct cannot be named; what is clearest is unutterable.
Ideas and philosophies have a shelf-life. 
They must be kept fresh and renewed or they will spoil. 
Of course there’s a risk that that could happen, but what is the alternative? 
To never allow myself to get close to anyone ever again? 
Never know the joy of loving someone for fear that it could end up in tears? 
My heart might stay safe, but it wouldn’t be much of a life.
In my heart's most secret place,I pity them as angels do.
I believe that just because something didn’t go the way you planned it once, it’s no reason not to try again.
You were born together, and together you shall be forevermore.
You shall be together when the white wings of death scatter your days.
Ay, you shall be together even in the silent memory of God.
But let there be spaces in your togetherness,And let the winds of the heavens dance between you. 
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.' 
But eating too many, is quite enough-plenty. And you'll have to go see the good doc anyway.
To the untutored sage, the concentration of population was the prolific mother of all evils, moral no less than physical. 
He argued that food is good, while surfeit kills; 
that love is good, but lust destroys; 
[T]he concern of man is not his future but his present, not the world but his soul.  
Quando ouvimos os sinos, ouvimos aquilo que já trazemos em nós mesmos como modelo. 
Metaphysics means nothing but an unusually obstinate effort to think clearly. 
The line between him and the enemy had simultaneously blurred and solidified. 
Somehow, while perhaps it shouldn't have, this thought provided a strange sense of peace.
Cinta memperindah hidup kita sebab pengalaman cinta pada dasarnya indah dan memperindah seluruh semesta. 
From this distant vantage point, the Earth might not seem of particular interest. 
But for us, it's different. 
Consider again that dot. 
That's here, that's home, that's us. 
Trebuie sa te departezi putin de tine ca sa te poti apropia de ceilalti.
Theology, philosophy, metaphysics, and quantum physics are merely ways for God to have his smart people believe in him
Every country has the government it deserves.
Civilization is only possible for deeply unpleasant animals. It is only an ape that can be truly civilized.
The rider evolved to serve to the elephant.
A scientist may not be sure of the answer, but he's often sure he can find one. 
And that's a condition which is clearly not enjoyed by philosophy.
The danger today is in believing there are no sick people, there is only a sick society.
If the rest of your brain were conscious, it would probably regard you as the pointy-haired boss from Dilbert
Communism is the final logic of the dehumanization of man.
Kitalah planet yang hidup itu, Sophie! 
Kitalah kapal besar yang berlayar mengelilingi matahari yang membakar alam raya. 
Tapi kita masing-masing adalah juga sebuah kapal bermuatan gen-gen yang melayari kehidupan. 
Jika kita sudah membawa muatan ini dengan selamat ke pelabuhan berikut --berarti hidup kita tidak sia-sia.
In the name of Bacon will you chicken me up that egg.Shall I swallow cave-phantoms?
Death is never an excuse to stop living.
I am serving the purpose for which I was designed, therefore I am satisfied with my existence.
Laughter is the antidote to existential pain
We must think beyond ourselves
Man's destructive hand spares nothing that lives; 
Wisdom is seeing something in a non-habitual manner.
This is the paradox of public space: even if everyone knows an unpleasant fact, saying it in public changes everything. 
No society can prosper if it aims at making things easier-instead it should aim at making people stronger!!
This primary question of life organization is immensely important. 
If you think fate is fickle, try tempting it
The sole remaining task for philosophy is the analysis of language.
Every life has a destiny... 
the trick is to discover it before then end of your life. Otherwise, you will have too many regrets.
No one species shall make the life of the world its own.' … 
That's one expression of the law.  Here's another: 'The world was not made for any one species.
Could two live that way? 
Time (again, Time) like the soul, wears many faces, many bodies and climates and attitudes. 
The past is one face, the present a second and the future yet another.
Nothing sweeter than to drag oneself along behind events; 
and nothing more reasonable. 
But without a strong dose of madness, no initiative, no enterprise, no gesture. 
Reason: the rust of our vitality. 
It is the madman in us who forces us to adventure; 
once he abandons us, we are lost; 
everything depends on him, even our vegetative life; 
it is he who invites us, who obliges us to breathe, and it is also he who forces our blood to venture through our veins. 
Once he withdraws, we are alone indeed! We cannot be normal and alive at the same time.
Man is not born to solve the problem of the universe, but to find out what he has to do; 
and to restrain himself within the limits of his comprehension.
Any game where the goal is to build territory has to be beautiful. 
There may be phases of combat, but they are only means to an end, to allow your territory to survive. 
Nothing is easier than to denounce the evildoer; nothing is more difficult than to understand him.
Love delayed is lust augmented.
Man is but a reed, the most feeble thing in nature; but he is a thinking reed.
Faith is not belief in spite of evidence but a life in scorn of the consequences.
This law … defines the limits of competition in the community of life.  
[People] ask themselves, what is suitable for my position? 
What is usually done by persons of my station and percuniary circumstances? 
Or (worse still) what is usually done by persons of a station and circumstances superior to mine? 
I do not mean that they choose what is customary in preference to what suits their own inclinations. 
It does not occur to them to have any inclination, except for what is customary. 
Thus the mind itself is bowed to the yoke: even in what people do for pleasure, conformity is the first thing thought of; 
they like in crowds; 
If the world was made for us, then it BELONGS to us and we can do what we damn well please with it.
Nat: Maybe you broke something.
Midge: I know. 
Never fall down, never fall down!
Nat: Ah, it's nothing. 
I fall down every morning. 
I get up, I have a cup of coffee, I fall down. 
That's the system. Two years old, you stand up and then BOOM! seventy years later, you fall down again.
Property Is Theft
History is a hermaphrodite with many distinguished lovers. 
If the moment is everthing, then everything is time.
[N]ow we have a clearer idea what this story is all about: The world was made for man, and man was made to rule it.
What is humor?' 
one of their professors had posed, and he had answered, ''nondangerous, unexpectedly inappropriate juxtaposition.
Philosophy is one reason which could lead to death.
Would Crazy Horse have spent this much to remodel a kitchen?
Percayalah, bila kamu tidak dapat mengalihkan perhatian pada hal lain yang fana..., 
dan hanya memikirkan kehidupan itu sendiri, kamu akan gila: karena ia akan mengalahkan dan merendahkanmu secara perlahan.

الانتماء ضروري .. لكن يلزمه أن تكون مخدوعاً ..الغبي هو من يدع الآخرين يخدعوه .. المُثقَف هو من يخدع نفسه بنفسه .
To educate is to create a critical spirit and not just transfer knowledge
Rien ne sert de courir il faut partir à point
I never could read Foucault. 
I find philosophy tedious. 
All of my knowledge comes from reading novels and some history. 
I read Being and Nothingness and realized that I remembered absolutely nothing when I finished it.  
I used to go to the library every day and read every day for eight hours. 
I’d dropped out of high school and had to teach myself. 
I read Sartre without any background. I just forced myself and I learned nothing.
In an earlier stage of our development most human groups held to a tribal ethic. 
Members of the tribe were protected, but people of other tribes could be robbed or killed as one pleased. 
Gradually the circle of protection expanded, but as recently as 150 years ago we did not include blacks. 
So African human beings could be captured, shipped to America, and sold. 
In Australia white settlers regarded Aborigines as a pest and hunted them down, much as kangaroos are hunted down today. 
Whatever their future, at the dawn of their lives, men seek a noble vision of man's nature and of life's potential.
If I could put it into a very few words, dear sir, I should say that our prevalent belief is in moderation. 
I would rather be an opportunist and float than go to the bottom with my principles around my neck.
Sometimes what's right isn't as important as what's profitable.
Genius is measured not by static volume but by kinetic vision.
It's better to live one day as a lion, than a thousand years as a lamb.
The world is a garden of philosophy. 
God is its gardener; 
Man is the visitor.
And any tree that does not bear fruits of philosophy either does not belong tothat garden or is yet to be grown.
Sublime natures are seldom clean!
Perhaps in his loneliness he had acquired the silent conviction that he was 'the last', the one, the only. 
And, being the last, he ceased to be Benjamin, becoming Israel. 
Der Zweck der Philosophie ist die logische Klärung der Gedanken.
Die Philosophie ist keine Lehre, sondern eine Tätigkeit.
Ein philosophisches Werk besteht wesentlich aus Erläuterungen.
Das Resultat der Philosophie sind nicht »philosophische Sätze«, sondern das Klarwerden von Sätzen.
Die Philosophie soll die Gedanken, die sonst, gleichsam, trübe und verschwommen sind, klar machen und scharf abgrenzen.4.112
The object of philosophy is the logical clarification of thoughts.
Philosophy is not a theory but an activity.
A philosophical work consists essentially of elucidations.
The result of philosophy is not a number of "philosophical propositions", but to make propositions clear.
Philosophy should make clear and delimit sharply the thoughts which otherwise are, as it were, opaque and blurred.
I man is a prisoner of only his own mind.
If i had it all to do again there would be more bodies.
Life is like a rape. If we cannot resist it, split the legs and enjoy it.
Life is but an accident, while death is a certainty. 
As a man, casting off worn out garments taketh new ones, so the dweller in the body, entereth into ones that are new.
Light in comparison with darkness is a void.
If we try to measure Now, we find it's always gone, has become part of the past.
One should not increase, beyond what is necessary, the number of entities required to explain anything. Occam's Razor
He who writes well runs the civilization. Everyone else does the grunt work.
In philosophy it is always good to put a question instead of an answer to a question. 
For an answer to the philosophical question may easily be unfair; disposing of it by means of another question is not.
This world, in which reason is more and more at home, is not habitable.  
Let no one delay the study of philosophy while young nor weary of it when old.
The best part about being a woman is - when you feel there is no difference or the need for making those distinctions. 
The theological perspective of participation actually saves the appearances by exceeding them. 
Piety, then, is that which is dear to the gods, and impiety is that which is not dear to them.
We see a lot of feature-driven product design in which the cost of features is not properly accounted.  
Features can have a negative value to customers because they make the products more difficult to understand and use.  
We are finding that people like products that just work.  
It turns out that designs that just work are much harder to produce that designs that assemble long lists of features.
A true confession: I believe in a soluble fish.
We kill, kill, kill.  
Flesh, spirit, whatever gets in our way.  
It's like our whole purpose is to extinguish life.  
And for those who live, there's memory, like a curse.  We're such a mixture of frailty and cruelty.
The mystics,sages define poem or song as praise to the lord,When I write I hope I give justice accord
Angka dua untuk daya yang dikenal sebagai Yin dan Yang - setara dan berlawanan; 
mereka menyatukan alam semesta ini bersama-sama (Putri Yangxin-Garden of The Purple Dragon)
You need contradictions to make an ideal.
As long as there is institutional inequality, hell, naw we can't all get along!
To begin is to take a first step towards the end
Pay attention to me.
¿A qué se reduce, pues, el progreso? 
Progresa la ciencia, progresa la técnica. 
El hombre de nuestros días maneja técnicas cuyos fundamentos ignora, pero cuyos resultados aprovecha. 
La pseudo-doctrina del progreso diviniza el futuro y espera el advenimiento de un estado perfecto. 
En una época que no se precisa, la historia universal de la humanidad habrá resuelto todos sus problemas. 
Lo que cuenta es el hombre futuro. 
Las generaciones presentes son simples eslabones sin ninguna finalidad propia. 
El presente se evapora en aras de un progresismo inocente y filisteo.
We all of us complain of the shortness of time, saith Seneca, and yet have much more than we know what to do with. 
There is nothing more soul destroying than respectable selfishness
Nothing is more visible than things  hidden; 
Nothing is more manifest than things minute; Therefore, the superior man should be aware of his aloneness
Life is what you portrait it!
I can kill a bad guy, but I can't save anyone. I'm not a hero. All I am is a killer. A dead killer who shit his pants.
I started studying law, but this I could stand just for one semester. 
I couldn't stand more. 
Then I studied languages and literature for two years. 
This is your life, and its ending one minute at a time.
It is not that I am mad, it is only that my head is different from yours.
Love will never let you down, if you don't give it up
When the mind is free, magic happens.
Want less, live more
The challenge is to resist circumstances. 
Any idiot can be happy in a happy place, but moral courage is required to be happy in a hellhole.
Humanity must forgive 'Humanity', for only then can we be Humane.
You can change your mind, don't let your mind change you
When you’ve tried everything and failed, try everything else and succeed
In our country religion is not different from philosophy and  religion 
Poverty is a virtue which one can teach oneself.
Subjectivity is strange to Science, while Relativity is an objective part of it.
Comprehending and knowing better and deeper are the best guarantees we can have to attain ideas and criteria of our own; 
i.e. to stop depending on what other people say. In summary, to be freer to choose our own path in life.
Compassion is the basis of all morality
To believe in nothing is as ridiculous as to believe in everything. 
Reason and factual evidence may convert a belief into knowledge.
Truth is not as pompous and romantic as myth ... but it has the immeasurable value of being the Truth.
Who are you? No really. Way, way down deep. Who are you?
Other people are only aspects of our own greater being.
We may be living past and future lives at the same time we are living this one.
Grammar and ordinary language are bad guides to metaphysics. 
A great book might be written showing the influence of syntax on philosophy.
Excess of strength alone is proof of strength
if you want it really, you get it !!!
In the Kamigata area, they have a sort of tiered lunchbox they use for a single day when flower viewing. 
Upon returning, they throw them away, trampling them underfoot. The end is important in all things.
There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves.
لو قال كل إنسان ما يفكر فيه بصدق فإن الحوار بين البشر يصبح قصيراً جداً.
The question has often been asked; 
Is Buddhism a religion or a philosophy?  
It does not matter what you call it.  
Buddhism remains what it is whatever label you may put on it.  
The label is immaterial.  
Even the label 'Buddhism' which we give to the teachings of the Buddha is of little importance.  
The name one gives is inessential....  
In the same way Truth needs no label: it is neither Buddhist, Christian, Hindu nor Moslem.  
It is not the monopoly of anybody.  
... 
is it truly possible to steal a life, if... 
the Self is eternal and cannot die?  
In the process of burning out these confusions, we discover enlightenment.  
Of course, supernatural acts are what miracles are all about. 
They are, after all, precisely those things that circumvent the laws of nature. 
A god who can create the laws of nature can presumably also circumvent them at will. 
Once someone asked me, "What do you want to be your epitaph?" So I said, "Paulo Coelho died when he was alive.
Your principle should be to see everything and say nothing. 
For I have trained myself and am training myself always to be able to dance lightly in the service of thought
Man is an end in himself.
There is desire in the perfect, beauty in the imperfect.
Thus I lust over the flawless,and fall amorously forceless to the flawed.
An over examination of life can deter you from life itself
An intelligent man is one who acknowledges his intelligence as that of those who surround him.
Logic in all its infinite potential, is the most dangerous of vices. 
When you can't get what you want, get what you need
At the very best, a mind enclosed in language is in prison. 
It is limited to the number of relations which words can make simultaneously present to it; 
and remains in ignorance of thoughts which involve the combination of a greater number. 
To question reason is to trust it.
The best way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas.
If your dreams are to hard to achieve, just achieve
My world is about stories that entertain; emotions that move; people you’ll remember; literature that matters.
And still the text will remain, if it is really cryptic and parodying (and I tell you that it is so through and through.  
I might as well tell you since it won’t be of any help to you.  
The longing for Paradise is man's longing not to be man.
Love gives you eyes.
Know you not that a good man does nothing for appearance sake, but for the sake of having done right?
I hold strongly to this: that it is better to be impetuous than circumspect; 
because fortune is a woman and if she is to be submissive it is necessary to beat and coerce her.
If chance be the Father of all flesh, Disaster is his rainbow in the sky, And when you hear State of Emergency! 
Sniper Kills Ten! 
Troops on Rampage! Whites go Looting! Bomb Blasts School! It is but the sound of man worshiping his maker.
Is it better to be loved or feared?
He was still thoughtful. '
Do you think any of us ever really knows anyone?'   '
Philosophy, Lord Dryden? And yet it's daylight and everyone is still sober.
Yesterday misspent can't be recall'dVanity makes beauty contemptibleWisdom is more valuable than riches.
It is just as crazy not to be crazy about Christ as it is to be crazy about anything else.
Lifes like a painters palette, just when you've got everything worked out the colours change
Sometimes the only way to succeed is to fail backwards
It is reasonable to love the Absolute absolutely for the same reason it is reasonable to love the relative relatively.
What matters creative endless toil, When, at a snatch, oblivion ends the coil?
We have now sunk to a depth at which restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men.
...the fundamental things in a man are not the things he explains, but rather the things he forgets to explain.
FRANCISCUS:  How sweetly she looks! Oh, but there's a wrinkle in her brow as deep as philosophy.
Le bonheur, c'est continuer à désirer ce que l'on a déjà.
But here steps in Satan, the eternal rebel, the first freethinker and the emancipator of worlds. 
He makes man ashamed of his bestial ignorance and obedience; 
What is left when honor is lost?
What a silly thing love is!' 
said the student as he walked away. '
و هل وقت الفلسفه الا عندما تستعصى حلول الاشياء؟!
Your educators can only be your liberators.
In general, I try and distinguish between what one calls the Future and “l’avenir” [the ‘to come]. 
The future is that which – tomorrow, later, next century – will be. 
There is a future which is predictable, programmed, scheduled, foreseeable. 
But there is a future, l’avenir (to come) which refers to someone who comes whose arrival is totally unexpected. 
For me, that is the real future. 
That which is totally unpredictable. 
The Other who comes without my being able to anticipate their arrival. 
The Shadow-maker shapes forever.
Violence is spiritual junk food, and boredom is spiritual anorexia.
Time is just quantified eternity.
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.
God gives us not only the truth but also the ability to believe it; 
not only the new thing to see but also the new eye to see it with.
Socrates himself said, 'One thing only I know, and this is that I know nothing.' 
Remember this statement, because it is an admission that is rare, even among philosophers. 
Moreover, it can be so dangerous to say in public that it can cost you your life. 
The most subversive people are those who ask questions. 
Giving answers is not nearly as threatening. Any one question can be more explosive than a thousand answers.
Did you have a rough month? 
I did :( but, you know what? 
There’s no time to dwell on a missed opportunity or worry about what I should’ve done or said, beating myself up 
Because in some other universe, you are me, I am you, and we are perfectly happy together. 
Or perhaps not… and just like this…
Molecules dissolve and pass away, but consciousness survives the death of the matter on which it rides.
So he came to realize that learning a language was perhaps the most profound thing a man could do. 
Any fool can see the limits of seeing, but not even the wisest know the limits of knowing. 
Thus is ignorance rendered invisible, and are all Men made fools.
Things which are accidentally the causes either of hope or fear are called good or evil omens.
O philosophy, life's guide! 
O searcher-out of virtue and expeller of vices!  
What could we and every age of men have been without thee?  
Thou hast produced cities; thou hast called men scattered about into the social enjoyment of life.
Giving is the only way of taking part
If those at your top are weak, your bottom will be rotten
What i took away from witnessing the broken climbers in Moshi was this: *Everything is easy until it isn't.*
There is something almost shocking in the notion of so chaste a function carrying this Kantian hurlyburly in her womb.
I am my own clone. I’m not who I was yesterday, but then again I am.
Though all men be equally frail before the world, the differences between them are terrifying.
You may tend to get cancer from the thing that makes you want to smoke so much, not from the smoking itself.
I bargained with Life for a penny,And Life would pay no more, However I begged at eveningWhen I counted my scanty store;
For Life is just an employer,He gives you what you ask,But once you have set the wages,Why, you must bear the task.
I worked for a menial's hire,Only to learn, dismayed,That any wage I had asked of Life,Life would have paid.
I am an i poet.
Can a woman not walk with her possessions down the street of a city?
I believe in political solutions to political problems.  
But man's primary problems aren't political; 
they're philosophical.  
This is the concentration camp and crematorium at Auschwitz. 
This is where people were turned into numbers. 
Into this pond were flushed the ashes of some four million people. 
And that was not done by gas. 
It was done by arrogance. 
It was done by dogma. 
It was done by ignorance. 
When people believe that they have absolute knowledge, with no test in reality, this is how they behave.
Here we find further argument for Gotagga’s supposition that the world is round. 
How else could all men stand higher than their brothers?
Reason is the power or capacity whereby we see or detect logical relationships among propositions.
Playing God is actually the highest expression of human nature.  
A world without poetry and art would be too much like one without birds or flowers: bearable but a lot less enjoyable.
I cannot apply myself to the distinctions and the reservations they insist on making -- I exist only as a whole man. 
I lay claim to nothing but my own nature, and the pleasure I take in an action is my clue to its propriety.
Men, Kellhus had once told her, were like coins: they had two sides. 
The sun symbolizes the Divine intelligence; 
the empty vastness of space symbolizes the Divine All-Possibility and also the Divine immutability; 
a bird symbolizes the soul; a tree symbolizes the grades of being; and water symbolizes knowledge and rain revelation.
The darkness behind my closed eyelids was like the cloud-covered sky, but the gray was somewhat deeper. 
She had lost herself in this old work, her personality dissolving into it, so that she had been set free.  
The immortality of the soul lies in its dissolution; 
La filosofía nos enseña a sentir incertidumbre ante las cosas que nos parecen evidentes. 
The delight we take in our senses is an implicit desire to know the ultimate reason for things, the highest cause. 
The desire for wisdom that philosophy etymologically is is a desire for the highest or divine causes. 
Philosophy culminates in theology. All other knowledge contains the seeds of contemplation of the divine.
I believe in spectacles, but I think eyes necessary too.
Facts,reality,and truth are one side of the coin while submission,happiness,and peace are its other side.
They go together and will never betray you ever. 
Those who accept this law   are the awakenerd ones. 
All living beings live in this world of limited dimensions as prisoners.
The soul exists partly in eternity and partly in time.
Do you know the only value life has is what life puts upon itself? 
And it is of course overestimated, for it is of necessity prejudiced in its own favour. 
Take that man I had aloft. 
He held on as if he were a precious thing, a treasure beyond diamonds of rubies. 
To you? 
No. 
To me? 
Not at all. 
To himself? 
Yes. 
But I do not accept his estimate. 
He sadly overrates himself. 
There is plenty more life demanding to be born. 
Had he fallen and dripped his brains upon the deck like honey from the comb, there would have been no loss to the world. 
The supply is too large.
Vanity of vanities, says the Preacher,      vanity of vanities! 
All is vanity.3 
What does man gain by all the toil       at which he toils under the sun?4 
A generation goes, and a generation comes,       but the earth remains forever.5 
The sun rises, and the sun goes down,       and hastens to the place where it rises.6 
The wind blows to the south       and goes around to the north;
around and around goes the wind,       and on its circuits the wind returns.7 
All streams run to the sea,       but the sea is not full;
to the place where the streams flow,       there they flow again.8 
All things are full of weariness;       
a man cannot utter it;
the eye is not satisfied with seeing,       nor the ear filled with hearing.9 
....
For axioms in philosophy are not axioms until they are proved upon our pulses.
What information consumes is rather obvious: it consumes the attention of its recipients. 
Serious thinkers are few, and the world is ruled by crude ideas.
Settle, for sure and universally, what conduct will promote the happiness of a rational being.
Of all knowledge, the wise and good seek mostly to know themselves.
Misconceptions play a prominent role in my view of the world.
The Encyclopedia--the advance artillery of reason, the armada of philosophy, the siege engine of the enlightenment...
...the only way to judge a philosophy is to examine the lives of those who live it.
All that exists is just and unjust and is equally justified in both respects.
Reason may be employed to support faith as well as to destroy it.
The slope contains many wonders not found at the summit.
A good writer possesses not only his own spirit but also the spirit of his friends.
One always has a choice.
Quiconque lutte contre des monstres devrait prendre garde, dans le combat, à ne pas devenir monstre lui-même. 
Et quant à celui qui scrute le fond de l'abysse, l'abysse le scrute à son tour.
In mathematics or physics, infinity is greater than one or two or any number countable. 
In how many ways can the world be destroyed based on ordered knowledge? 
You may be able to count this. 
But the truth is, you “really” don’t know. 
These possibilities in your mind hold a set of unpredictable orders. 
One effect may be causative of another of another. 
It could be a culmination of effects you know as events where events are sets and subsets of potential possibilities. 
In how many ways can the world be destroyed based on unordered possibilities?
Human beings are placed on this physical plane to learn diverse lessons; 
Man in general, if reduced to himself, is too wicked to be free.
Life is an essay you yourself have to write, start to finish.
The greatest obstacle to progress in science is the illusion of knowledge.
Give love, take pride
This is so much easier to erase than to write.
Conservatism is the antidote to tyranny. 
It's the only one. 
It's based on thousands of years of human experience. 
There is nothing narrow about the conservative philosophy. 
It's a liberating philosophy. It is a magnificent philosophy. It is a philosophy for the ages, for all times.
Justice is the first virtue of social institutions, as truth is of systems of thought.  
A theory however elegant and economical must be rejected or revised if it is untrue; 
The summer's flower is to the summer sweetThough to itself it only live and die
The world does not speak. 
Only we do. 
The world can, once we have programmed ourselves with a language, cause us to hold beliefs. 
But it cannot propose a language for us to speak. Only other human beings can do that. 
Fear is the polio of the soul which prevents our walking by faith.
William James describes a man who got the experience from laughing-gas; 
whenever he was under its influence, he knew the secret of the universe, but when he came to, he had forgotten it. 
At last, with immense effort, he wrote down the secret before the vision had faded. 
When completely recovered, he rushed to see what he had written. It was: "A smell of petroleum prevails throughout.
Most of the propositions and questions to be found in philosophical works are not false but nonsensical.
This is considered almost holy work by farmers and ranchers.  
Kill off everything you can't eat.  
Kill off anything that eats what you eat.  
Kill off anything that doesn't feed what you eat.""
It IS holy work, in Taker culture.  
Man is able to decide for or against reason, he is able to create beyond reason or to destroy below reason
O world, world when I was younger I thought there was some order governing you and your deeds.  
The western mind makes definitions; it draws lines.
The pity of it was that this discovery, if such it was, now seemed so stale, so profitless to me. 
What good was it? What good did thinking ever do?
Our critique began as all critiques begin: with doubt. 
Doubt became our narrative. 
Ours was a quest for a new story, our own. 
And we grasped toward this new history driven by the suspicion that ordinary language couldn't tell it. 
Children are like sponges; they start to smell after a little while.
My mind is a lock pick always looking for another door to open. 
I often find those doors by exploring minds of others...
The method of 'postulating' what we want has many advantages ; 
they are the same as the advantages of theft over honest toil.
ايه يا النهاردة ..!هتفضل ساكت لأمبارح وهو مش عايز يسيب بكرة فى حاله.
What is this slow blue dream of living, and this fevered death by dreaming?
Dua kebaikan yang berbeda tidak mungkin berada pada satu intesitas yang sama. Sesederhana itu.
I would not think that philosophy and reason themselves will be man's guide in the foreseeable future; 
however, they will remain the most beautiful sanctuary they have always been for the select few.
He will essentially follow the language of the spectacle, for it is the only one he is familiar with.
Buffett does enjoy being a billionaire, but in offbeat ways. 
Fear no more," said Clarissa. 
Fear no more the heat o' the sun; 
€7,500, first-class, everything—and all that for 40 minutes selling them some old stuff.
Discourse on virtue and they pass by in droves. Whistle and dance and shimmy, and you've got an audience!
There is much in this vision that will remind you of your mystics; 
But the goal of the arts, culinary or otherwise, is not to increase our comfort. That is the goal of an easy chair.
É muito mais lisonjeiro,(...)
lutar-se por alguma coisa bela e ideal e saber ao mesmo tempo que não se conseguirá alcançá-la. 
Os ideais serão algo que se possa alcançar? 
Viveremos para cabar com a morte? 
Poets are the sense, philosophers the intelligence of humanity." Beckett
For the former, activity, any kind of activity, was an end in itself; 
for the latter, activity was but a progress toward the true end, which was rest, and peace of mind. 
Action was to be undertaken only when equilibrium was disturbed.
As for Doing-good,that is one of the professions which are full. 
Moreover, I have tried itfairly, and, strange as it may seem, am satisfied that it does not agreewith my constitution. 
On ne peut opposer absraitement le spectacle et l'activité sociale effective.
Le spectacle est la reconstruction matérielle de l'illusion religieuse.
Perhaps swimming was dancing under the water, he thought. 
Jeżeli ludzkość bez wyjątku raz wyrzeknie się Boga (...), 
What we can't say we can't say, and we can't whistle it either
The philosophic outlook rises above all sectarian controversy. 
Ethics is a dream.
Ohne Hast, aber ohne Rast. - Without haste, but without rest.
They all know the truth, that there are only three subjects worth talking about. 
At least here in these parts," he says, "The weather, which, as they're farmers, affects everything else. 
Dying and birthing, of both people and animals. 
And what we eat - this last item comprising what we ate the day before and what we're planning to eat tomorrow. 
I sit astride life like a bad rider on a horse. 
I only owe it to the horse's good nature that I am not thrown off at this very moment.
As long as one believes in philosophy, one is healthy; sickness begins when one starts to think.
One great function of the arts is to keep ideals alive in a culture that does not yet realize them.
A philosophical thought is not supposed to be impervious to all criticism; 
Ah, clever clogs, but it will have happened in one of my alternative lives. 
You know--the lives hot-shot scientists tell us we are living at the same time as this one we know about. 
I wanted that future officer to weigh decisions with a supple mind and to be comfortable with nuance and uncertainty. 
All these years of thinking, ending up like this: In front of all this beauty, understanding nothing.
La prueba de ausencia no es prueba de ausencia
God died in the Big Bang.
Fairness is merely what the powerful want it to be.
Wenn man nachts nicht schläft, werden Träume wahr.
The universe is a philosophical abyss.
No woman in maternity confinement can have stranger and more impatient wishes than I have.
Jigga, Kells, Not Guilty
Allegory is to real life what algebra is to arithmetic.  And both are true.
God is a philosophical black hole – the point where reason breaks down.
The selfish man suffers more from his selfishness than he from whom that selfishness withholds some important benefit.
Herein lies the supreme wisdom, human and divine; 
To theology, ... only what it holds sacred is true, whereas to philosophy, only what holds true is sacred.
The freedom of an unscheduled afternoon brought confusion rather than joy. 
Julius had always been focused. 
The certainty about the uncertain (in view to life) is that it will remain uncertain till the time its certain.
Allaah subhanahuu, rejects those who refused Allaah’s Shareeah; 
the laws that are good for the Muslims; 
the laws that forbid what is evil. 
Waktu berjalan ke Barat di waktu pagi hari matahari mengikutiku di belakang.
Aku berjalan mengikuti bayang-bayangku sendiri yang memanjang di depan.
Foreknowledge cannot be gotten from ghosts and spirits, cannot be had by analogy, cannot be found out by calculation. 
It must be obtained from people, people who know the conditions of the enemy.
We are the sum total of the decisions we have made.
You will never know how high you can climb until you reach the top.
Instinct is a makeshift, an admission of helplessness before the problem of reality.
If Relativity Theory kills our deepest convictions, why not start by finding out why we believed in them for millennia?
Even English Language doesn't provide you with the Synonyms of the word Success.
Sin is a gravitation.
Il pessimismo radicale sconfina nell'ottimismo.
Teaching the layperson (divulgare) is not distorting (tergiversare) the subject, but educating the public; 
I prefer for 'my world' to have the highest certification of being a faithful representation of the exterior world.
On the one hand, our minds try to probe the ephemeral reality of the quantum world; 
Δύο υπερβολές : ν' αποκλείουμε το Λόγο, και να μη δεχόμαστε παρά μόνο το Λόγο.
You can't always be right, but you can be wrong a lot less
Worlds 75% or more than that population doesn't know their real capabilities. 
Which they are born with. If anyway they realize it then this world become a great place to live.
Animals are irrational men
#quote In the harshest conditions is when we know better the people around us. 
En las condiciones más duras es cuando conocemos mejor a las personas que nos rodean.
Not all of Derrida's writing is to everyone's taste. 
A true philosopher must never give up.
Many of our most serious conflicts are conflicts within ourselves. 
Those who suppose their judgements are always consistent are unreflective or dogmatic.
I only seem negative to the fortunate. 
That's because I show the less fortunate that they aren't less fortunate after all.
It is never ridicule, but a compliment, that knocks a philosopher off his feet. 
He is already positioned for every possible counter-attack, counter-argument, and retort...
only to find a big bear hug coming his way.
Losing a belief in free will has not made me fatalistic—in fact, it has increased my feelings of freedom. 
My hopes, fears, and neuroses seem less personal and indelible. 
There is no telling how much I might change in the future. 
A novel is never anything but a philosophy expressed in images.  
And in a good novel the philosophy has disappeared into the images.
The way you see people is the way you treat them and the way you treat them is what they become.
Although her disobedience is tragic, Eve’s innocence is not all bad. 
Hatred is a form of faith, distilled by passion to remove all rationality.
To live in any true sense of the word is to reject others; 
to accept them, one must be able to renounce, to do oneself violence, to act against one's own nature, to weaken oneself; 
we conceive freedom only for ourselves - we extend it to our neighbours only at the cost of exhausting efforts; 
I speak gibberish to the civilized world and it replies in kind.
Each indulgence in pleasure is an appointment made with misery.
Mendel had a remarkable nature as a boy. 
I’m not talking about miracles. 
Miracles are a burden for a tzaddik, not the proof of one. 
Miracles prove nothing except to those whose faith is bought very cheap, sir. 
There was something in Mendele. There was a fire.
Admittedly, art is somewhat like spit. 
It does not repulse or even worry is while it is still inside of us, but once it exits our body, it becomes disgusting.
So many other planets 
Ah, ye brethren, that God whom I created was human work and human madness, like all the Gods!
Ich lehre euch den Übermenschen. 
Der Mensch ist Etwas, das überwunden werden soll. 
Was habt ihr gethan, ihn zu überwinden? 
Was ist der Affe für en Menschen? 
Ein Gelächter oder eine schmerzliche Scham. 
Und ebendas soll der Mensch für den Übermenschen sein: ein Gelächter oder eine schmerzliche Scham. 
Ihr habt den Weg vom Wurme zum Menschen gemacht, und Vieles ist in euch noch Wurm. 
Einst wart ihr Affen, und auch jetzt ist der Mensch mehr Affe, als irgend ein Affe.
Съвестта е онзи глас Божий в нас, онова огледало, в което ние се оглеждаме и виждаме своите недостатъци.
Without causality in the world, there is no point in educating people, or making any moral or political appeal.
LORD ILLINGWORTH: The soul is born old but grows young. 
That is the comedy of life.MRS ALLONBY: And the body is born young and grows old. That is life's tragedy.
Anyone who says that economic security is a human right, has been to much babied. 
While he babbles, other men are risking and losing their lives to protect him. 
Supposing there is no life everlasting. 
Think what it means if death is really the end of all things. 
They've given up all for nothing. 
They've been cheated. 
They're dupes."
Waddington reflected for a little while. "
I wonder if it matters what they have aimed at is illusion. 
Their lives are in themselves beautiful. 
What do they know of cricket who only cricket know?
I am a citizen of the world.
A man must not be without shame, for the shame of being without shame is shamelessness indeed.
No one else can want for me.  
No one can substitute his act of will for mine.  
It does sometimes happen that someone very much wants me to want what he wants.  
This is the moment when the impassable frontier between him and me, which is drawn by free will, becomes most obvious.  
I may not want that which he wants me to want - and in this precisely I am incommunicabilis.  
I am, and I must be, independent in my actions.  All human relationships are posited on this fact.
If we thought more for ourselves we would have very many more bad books and very many more good ones.
When they have discovered truth in nature they fling it into a book, where it is even worse hands.
Question everything, unless it's the answer
...
Nu mai trăim un prezent placid, ci suntem prinși cu toții în efortul de a ne pregăti permanent pentru viitor.
Latter-day capitalism. 
Like it or not, it's the society we live in. 
Even the standard of right and wrong has been subdivided, made sophisticated. 
Within good, there's fashionable good and unfashionable good, and ditto for bad. 
Within fashionable good, there's formal and then there's casual; 
there's hip, there's cool, there's trendy, there's snobbish. 
Mix 'n' match. 
Like pulling on a Missoni sweater over Trussardi slacks and Pollini shoes, you can now enjoy hybrid styles of morality. 
It's the way of the world -- philosophy starting to look more and more like business administration.
И на съвършените съвършенството е несъвършено. Св. Иоан Лествичник
Mereka yang berani adalah mereka yang telah berkorban menemukan dirinya sendiri
... 
It's harder to make the glass than break the glass.
The fundament upon which all our knowledge and learning rests is the inexplicable.
One never knows how the witch became wicked, or whether that was the right choice for her — is it ever the right choice? 
Does the devil ever struggle to be good again, or if so is he not a devil? 
It is the very least question of definitions.
Always blow your own trumpet, blowing someone else’s is unhygienic
She said, "You're a warrior. 
So how do you kill without rage?""
In compassion. 
Because of necessity." Hrahima set the empty water bowl back in Samarkar's hands. "The same way you carry water.
When the Aggregates arise, decay and die, O bhikkhu, every moment you are born, decay, and die.
Honor has not to be won; it must only not be lost.
The time of a man's life is as a point; 
the substance of it ever flowing, the sense obscure; 
and the whole composition of the body tending to corruption. 
His soul is restless, fortune uncertain, and fame doubtful; 
to be brief, as a stream so are all things belonging to the body; 
as a dream, or as a smoke, so are all that belong unto the soul. 
Our life is a warfare, and a mere pilgrimage. 
Fame after life is no better than oblivion. 
What is it then that will adhere and follow? 
Only one thing, philosophy. 
If you could disagree with kings, were gods so far above?
Don’t reject something just because it seems strange. It’s comfort that will kill you in the end.
Writers may be classified as meteors, planets, and fixed stars. 
They belong not to one system, one nation only, but to the universe. 
Thank heaven for people who are satisfied with facts that conform to the reality they wish to believe.
My ship came in,then it sank!
Putting food under lock and key was one of the great innovations of your culture. 
There is no such thing as objectivity.  
We are all just interpreting signals from the universe and trying to make sense of them.  
Dim, shaky, weak, static-y little signals that only hint at the complexity of a universe we cannot begin to understand.
By heavens! 
there is something after all in the world allowing one man to steal a horse while another must not look at a halter. 
Steal a horse straight out. 
Very well. 
He has done it. 
Perhaps he can ride. 
But there is a way of looking at a halter that would provoke the most charitable of saints into a kick.
The source of man's rights is not divine law or a congressional law, but the law of identity. 
A is A ___ and man is man. 
Rights are conditions of existence required by man's nature for his proper survival. 
According to the Buddha's teaching the beginning of the life-stream of living beings is unthinkable.  
THe believer in the creation of life by God may be astonished at this reply.  
But if you were to ask him 'What is the beginning of God?' 
he would answer without hesitation 'God has no beginning', and he is not astonished at his own reply.
If your dreams seem to be drifting away, wake up!
If that which we have found is the corruption of solitude, then what can men wish for save corruption? 
If this is the great evil of being alone, than what is good and what is evil?
The Philosopher's Motto: I came, I saw, I pondered!
Propounding peace and love without practical or institutional engagement is delusion, not virtue.
To be poor, ugly and, moreover, intelligent condemns one in our society to a dark and disillusioned life...
to beauty all is forgiven.
Христовият мир е свобода от греха, а мирът на света е свобода на греха...
Let education kindle only those which are truly beneficialto the human species; 
let it favour those alone which are really necessary to the maintenance of society. 
The passions of man are dangerous, only because every thing conspires to give them an evil direction.
And you don’t even need to say anything. 
I’m screwed up. 
I don’t know how any of this works anymore than you do. 
But I do believe you’re worth every second it would take to figure it out,” Mason said, a smile taking over his features.

Quis custodiet ipsos custodes? - Who watches the watchmen?
Yes, you need a passport to prove to the world that you exist. 
The people at passport control, they cannot look at you and see you are a person. 
No! They have to look at a little photograph of you. Then they believe you exist.
There is no unmoving mover behind the movement.  
It is only movement.  
It is not correct to say that life is moving, but life is movement itself.  
Life and movement are not two different things.  
In other words, there is no thinker behind the thought.  
Thought itself is the thinker.  If you remove the thought, there is no thinker to be found.
To all appearances he was just drifting. In actuality he was just drifting.
Books can be immensely powerful. 
The ideas in them can change the way people think. 
For any given problem, if there's a simple solution it will already have been applied. 
So, perhaps, the solution isn't as simple as you think.
It goes without saying that these effects do not suffice to annul the necessity for a “change of terrain.”  
It also goes without saying that the choice between these two forms of deconstruction cannot be simple and unique.  
A new writing must weave and interlace these two motifs of deconstruction.  
Which amounts to saying that one must speak several languages and produce several texts at once.  
For the same reason there is nowhere to begin to trace the sheaf or the graphics of differance.  
Let us being again.  
Стихи нельзя объяснить - только понять.
The cause of our current social crises, he would have said, is a genetic defect within the nature of reason itself. 
And until this genetic defect is cleared, the crises will continue. 
Our current modes of rationality are not moving society forward into a better world. 
They are taking it further and further from that better world. 
Since the Renaissance these modes have worked. 
As long as the need for food, clothing and shelter is dominant they will continue to work. 
If once a man indulges himself in murder, very soon he comes to think little of robbing; 
and from robbing he next comes to drinking and Sabbath-breaking, and from that to incivility and procrastination.
Logika adalah keadilan dan dialektika adalah kebijaksanaan
The cynic sees only cynicism, the depressive can taint creation with one glance
I will tell you why I became a philosopher. 
Great understanding is broad and unhurried; 
little understanding is cramped and busy.  Great words are clear and limpid; little words are shrill and quarrelsome.
The Great Way is not named; 
Great Discriminations are not spoken; 
Great Benevolence is not benevolent; 
Great Modesty is not humble; Great Daring does not attack.  If the Way is made clear, it is not the Way.
У влюбленного в безмолвие поэта есть одно спасение - речь.
J'ai lu les postmodernistes avec un certain intérêt avec même admiration. 
Tell me something.  
Do you believe in God?'
Snow darted an apprehensive glance in my direction.  '
What?  
Who still believes nowadays?''
It isn't that simple.  
I don't mean the traditional God of Earth religion.  
To live is not to breathe but to act. 
The Purpose of Philosophy is to fall in Love. 
To strip the world of all its clothes, and fall in Love with it as it stand before you completely naked.
How do we account for this paradox that the absence of Law universalizes prohibition ... 
The psychoanalytic name for this obscene injunction for this obscene call, ENJOY, is superego. 
The problem today is not how to get rid of your inhibitions and to be able to spontaneously enjoy. 
The problem is how to get rid of this injunction to enjoy.
‎In modern physics, there is no such thing as "nothing." 
Even in a perfect vacuum, pairs of virtual particles are constantly being created and destroyed. 
The existence of these particles is no mathematical fiction. 
Though they cannot be directly observed, the effects they create are quite real. 
The assumption that they exist leads to predictions that have been confirmed by experiment to a high degree of accuracy.

We had a kettle; 
we let it leak: Our not repairing made it worse. 
We haven't had any tea for a week... The bottom is out of the Universe.
we are finite, in that we are a product and source of the infinite.
What is the meaning of it Watson?
What object is served by this circle of misery and violence and fear?
It must tend to some end or else our universe is ruled by chance,which is unthinkable.
But what end?There is this long standing perennial problem to which human reason is as far from an answer as ever.
Usually when people talk about the trickle-down theory, it has to do with economics.  
I need just be a bayonet, a bayonet named Diving Punishment.  
I wish I'd been born a storm. 
Or a menace. 
Or a single grenade. 
No heart, no tears, just as a terrible gale'd have been good.  If [by doing this] I become that, then so be it.
Good man and bad man with money goes a long ways." ~ Amunhotep El Bey
The evolution revolution is here. Global sense makes common sense.
Believe me if you consult philosophy she will persuade you not to lit so long at your counting desk
When you're in the muck you can only see muck. 
If you somehow manage to float above it, you still see the muck but you see it from a different perspective. 
And you see other things too. That's the consolation of philosophy.
Truth, says instrumentalism, is what works out, that which does what you expect it to do. 
The judgment is true when you can "bank" on it and not be disappointed. 
…let us point out precisely the difficulties of empiricism as a theory of knowledge. 
First, it begins with two fixed, unchangeable ultimates--mind and matter. 
They lived like monkeys still, while their new god powers lay around them in the weeds.
A doctrine of expression rather than one of suppression makes a stronger appeal to man.
It is a well known fact that even among highly cultured peoples the belief in animism prevails generally. 
«Who are the true philosophers you have in mind?» 
he asked.                                                                                    «
Sightseers of the truth,» I answered.                                                                                                         «
That must be right, but what exactly does it mean?» he asked.
A poet is not an apostle; he drives out devils only by the power of the devil.
Philosophers console themselves with explanations.
If you use a philosophy education well, you can get your foot in the door of any industry you please. 
The darkening of the world makes the irrationality of art rational: radically darkened art.
Philosophy, which once seemed outmoded, remains alive because the moment of its realization was missed. 
By now you must have guessed: I come from another planet. 
But I will never say to you, Take me to your leaders. 
Even I - unused to your ways though I am - would never make that mistake. 
The supply of matter in the universe was never more tightly packed than it is now, or more widely spread out. 
For nothing is ever added to it or subtracted from it. 
It follows that the movement of atoms today is no different from what it was in bygone ages and always will be. 
So the things that have regularly come into being will continue to come into being in the same manner; 
they will be and grow and flourish so far as each is allowed by the laws of nature.
I can blend words easily with my pen, and show concepts from deep within. 
Yet not everyone gets the message I send. 
So why do I even let these words begin? 
Maybe they will soak in one day at the right time. 
When the readers on a new path to find. 
So for now I'll continue to drop ink and not worry about what other people think.
Art is the social antithesis of society, not directly deducible from it.
You and I are part of the colony of heaven. 
Right now, we may reside here on earth, but our passport indicates that our citizenship is in heaven. 
We are on the earth, but not of the earth.
No art takes places without inspiration. 
Every artist also needs effective knowledge of his or her tools (e.
g., 
does a certain brush function well with a particular kind of paint?). 
What’s more, artists need effective techniques for using those tools.
There is nothing more wonderful than a book. 
If your treated like a puppet find a new ball of string
in this case, a mother, noted for her beauty, might be reduced to a purple shadow... (
Tansley to Lily on her painting of the house 
بصراحة.. يصعب علي أن أستمع لكلام شاب صغير السن ينظر للحب
Maybe man is nothing in particular,' Cross said gropingly. '
Maybe that's the terror of it. 
Man may be just anything at all. 
And maybe man deep down suspects this, really knows this, kind of dreams that it is true; 
but at the same time he does not want really to know it? 
May not human life on this earth be a kind of frozen fear of man at what he could possibly be? 
And every move he makes might not these moves be just to hide this awful fact? 
To twist it into something which he feels would make him rest and breathe a little easier? 
What man is is perhaps too much to be borne by man...
Though why should we expect age to mellow us? 
Науката казва докажи ми и ще повярвам, а вярата казва повярвай и ще ти докажа!
Ние строим духовно пречиствателна станция.
How charming is divine Philosophy!    
Plus d'un qui n'a pu liberer ses propres chaines a su pourtant en liberer son ami.
It's better to have a million small religions with each one containing a great truth. 
Than one great religion containing a million small truths.
This only is denied to God: the power to undo the past.
I know how men in exile feed on dreams of hope.
Health is the natural condition. 
When sickness occurs, it is a sign that Nature has gone off course because of a physical or mental imbalance. 
The road to health for everyone is through moderation, harmony, and a 'sound mind in a sound body'.
There is not much to be got anywhere in the world.  
It is filled with misery and pain; 
if a man escapes these, boredeom lies in wait for him at every corner.  
Nay more; 
it is evil which generally has the upper hand, and folly that makes the most noise.  
Fate is cruel and mankind pitiable.
He could very likely have appealed for leniency. 
At least he could have saved his life by agreeing to leave Athens. 
But had he done this he would not have been Socrates. He valued his conscience--and the truth-- higher than life.
The connection between art and Christ is like the connection between sunlight and the sun.  
It is, in fact, the connection between Sonlight and the Son.
Liberty lies in the hearts of men and women; 
when it dies there, no constitution, no law, no court can save it; 
no constitution, no law, no court can even do much to help it. 
The spirit of liberty is the spirit which is not too sure that it is right; 
the spirit of liberty is the spirit which seeks to understand the minds of other men and women; 
the spirit of liberty is the spirit which weighs their interests alongside its own without bias.
For an author to write as he speaks is just as reprehensible as the opposite fault, to speak as he writes; 
for this gives a pedantic effect to what he says, and at the same time makes him hardly intelligible
We belittle what we cannot bear. 
We make figments out of fundamentals, all in the name of preserving our own peculiar fancies. 
The best way to secure one's own deception is to accuse others of deceit.
Tom felt his darkness. 
His father was beautiful and clever, his mother was short and mathematically sure. 
Each of his brothers and sisters had looks or gifts or fortune. 
Tom loved all of them passionately, but he felt heavy and earth-bound. 
He climbed ecstatic mountains and floundered in the rocky darkness between the peaks. 
He had spurts of bravery but they were bracketed in battens of cowardice.
One of chief pieces of advice I give to aspiring rationalists is "Don't try to be clever." 
And, "Listen to those quiet, nagging doubts."  
Mr. 
Trask, do you think the thoughts of people suddenly become important at a given age? 
Do you have sharper feelings or clearer thoughts now than when you were ten? 
Do you see as well, hear as well, taste as vitally?
Apakah seorang pencari keheningan adalah si mulia? ataukah si pengecut yang tidak berani menghadapi masalah dunia?
In numele si sub teroarea ei (plictiselii, n.
m.) 
Man is the measure of all things', said the Sophist Protagora (c. 485-410 
B.
C.). 
When we sense something, it is due to the movement of atoms in space. 
When I see the moon it is because "moon atoms" penetrate my eye.
Socrates: This man, on one hand, believes that he knows something, while not knowing [anything]. 
On the other hand, I – equally ignorant – do not believe [that I know anything].
It is strange the way trauma deadens curiosity. 
To suffer cruelty in excess is to be delivered from care. 
The human heart sets aside its questions when the future is too capricious. 
This is the irony of tribulation.To know the world will never be so bad.
One must try to make one's life as pleasant as possible. 
Dove la moralità è troppo forte l'intelletto perisce.
I pretend not to be a champion of that same naked virtue called truth, to the very outrance. 
I can consent that her charms be hidden with a veil, were it but for decency's sake.
Enuncia algunos textos muy contundentes. 
It's a sad day for American Capitalism when a man can't fly a midget on a kite over central park.
Do you understand what I'm saying?"
shouted Moist. "
You can't just go around killing people!""
Why Not? 
You Do." 
The golem lowered his arm."
What?" 
snapped Moist. "
I do not! 
Who told you that?""
I Worked It Out. 
You Have Killed Two Point Three Three Eight People," said the golem calmly."
I have never laid a finger on anyone in my life, Mr Pump. 
I may be–– all the things you know I am, but I am not a killer! 
I have never so much as drawn a sword!""
No, You Have Not. 
But You Have Stolen, Embezzled, Defrauded And Swindled Without Discrimination, Mr Lipvig. 
You Have Ruined Businesses And Destroyed Jobs. 
When Banks Fail, It Is Seldom Bankers Who Starve. 
Your Actions Have Taken Money From Those Who Had Little Enough To Begin With. 
In A Myriad Small Ways You Have Hastened The Deaths Of Many. 
You Do Not Know Them. 
You Did Not See Them Bleed. 
But You Snatched Bread From Their Mouths And Tore Clothes From Their Backs. 
For Sport, Mr Lipvig. For Sport. For The Joy Of The Game.
To be a philosopher, just reverse everything you have ever been told...and have a sense of humor doing it.
How can I know for sure if it's my son speaking and not you?""
You never can, my lord. 
Happiness is a very pretty thing to feel, but very dry to talk about.
The boundaries we erect to divide heaven from earth, mind from matter, real from unreal are mere conveniences. 
Having made the boundaries, we can unmake them just as easily.
What never fails inside the mind of an intellectual never works outside the confines of his head. 
What if one were to want to hunt for these hidden presences?  
You can’t just rummage around like you’re at a yard sale.  
You have to listen.  
You have to pay attention.  
There are certain things you can’t look at directly.  
You need to trick them into revealing themselves.  
That’s what we’re doing with Walter, Jaz.  
We’re juxtaposing things, listening for echoes.  
It’s not some silly cybernetic dream of command and control, modeling the whole world so you can predict the outcome.  
It’s certainly not a theory of everything.  
I don’t have a theory of any kind.  
What I have is far more profound.’‘
What’s that?’‘
A sense of humor.’
Jaz looked at him, trying to find a clue in his gaunt face, in the clear gray eyes watching him with such - what?  
Amusement?  
Condescension?  
There was something about the man which brought on a sort of hermeneutic despair.  
He was a forest of signs.‘
We’re hunting for jokes.’  
Bachman spoke slowly, as if to a child.  ‘
Parapraxes.  
Cosmic slips of the tongue.  
They’re the key to the locked door.  
They’ll help us discover it.’‘Discover what?’‘The face of God.  What else would we be looking for?
you shall be told what pleased me to-day in the writings ofHecato; 
it is these words: "What progress, you ask, have I made? 
I have begun to be a friend to myself." 
That wasindeed a great benefit; 
such a person can never be alone. You may be sure that such a man is a friend to all mankind.
I am sitting with a philosopher in the garden. 
He says again and again, “I know that that’s a tree,” pointing to a tree that is near us. 
Someone else arrives and hears this, and I tell them, “This fellow isn’t insane. We are only doing philosophy.
Do you want to achieve something or do you just want to make money?” 
asked a nearby man in a white shirt to another man in a striped shirt. 
I waited for the answer as I slowly walked past them. “
Why is it an either or question?” 
the man in the striped shirt finally murmured philosophically under a sip of beer. 
They both stood there looking at each other in thought.
Bodies are real entities. 
Surfaces and lines are but fictitious entities. 
A surface without depth, a line without thickness, was never seen by any man; 
no; nor can any conception be seriously formed of its existence.
In the mind of all, fiction, in the logical sense, has been the coin of necessity;—
I tried to make my life colorful with basic colors Red, Green and Blue....... 
ohh god... my perfection in blending made it white !!! now again confused…. should go with :( or :)
If a man who can’t count finds a four leaf clover, is he lucky?
I always keep a supply of stimulant handy in case I see a snake--which I also keep handy.
We all reach a point that is the limit of our understanding. 
multum ex scenâ.
Além disso, somos individualmente o produto de forças que não escolhemos e que mal compreendemos. 
Really, nobody was there?” I asked.“Well, nobody important,” he said, putting his glasses back on and blinking.
You know, sometimes I think this is just not it,” he said, his glasses flashing from the early night’s light. 
He turned toward me in a thoughtful pause.“You know what I mean, Tom?” he asked. “It’s just not.
Should I have a doughnut or my disgusting cardboard?” 
Philosophers' Syndrome: mistaking a failure of the imagination for an insight into necessity.
Since God is truth, a contempt for truth is equally a contempt for God.
Water everywhere, falling in thundering cataracts, singular drops, and draping sheets. 
But no: he was empty, he was confronted by a vast anger, a desperate anger, he saw it and could almost have touched it. 
But it was inert - if it were to live and find expression and suffer, he must lend it his own body. 
It was other people's anger. "
Swine!" He clenched his fists, he strode along, but nothing came, the anger remained external to himself.
Not telling is just as interesting as telling I have found. 
The best proof that He will never cease to love us lies in that He never began.
Both [Quine and Feyerabend] want to revise a version of positivism. 
Quine started with the Vienna Circle, and Feyerabend with the Copenhagen school of quantum mechanics. 
Both the Circle and the school have been called children of Ernst Mach; 
if so, the philosophies of Feyerabend and Quine must be his grandchildren.
We hold the future still timidly, but perceive it for the first time as a function of our own action.
We chart delusions through collective agreement.
Jadilah diri anda sendiri sebelum orang lain mengambilnya dari anda
Particularity leads to peculiarity and then to pathological behavior.  
The three Ps.  
It is very insidious.  
You would eventually end up in a box.  
If you try to control your environment, it will control you.  
And everyone else around you will always have to be making adjustments to your maddening idiosyncracies...
You are beginning to enslave yourself with your fussiness.
Good god it's great to be a Bull Mongoni!
Wir werden alt und grau. 
Wir werden eines Tages verschlissen sein und aus der Welt verschwinden. 
Mit unseren Träumen ist das anders. 
Sie können in anderen Menschen weiterleben, wenn es uns schon längst, längst nicht mehr gibt.
Tudo é permitido e válido em nome do monopólio universal da distinção entre o verdadeiro e o falso. 
Everything is permitted and valid in the name of universal monopoly of the distinction between true and false.
First you hope you come up with something.  
Then you hope that it leads to something else.  
Then that that something else doesn't bore you. Then that you're not just entertaining yourself.
Essas duas histórias - a do lado de dentro e a do lado de fora - podem ser contadas sobre cada um de nós. 
Ao chamá-las de 'histórias' não pretendo diminuí-las. 
Algumas são, apesar de tudo, verdadeiras. 
O problema é que temos muita dificuldade em ver como ambas as histórias que contamos sobre nós podem ser verdadeiras. 
O efeito da segunda história, aquela contada do lado de fora, parece uma drástica realocação do nosso papel na trama. 
Longe de sermos o personagem principal da história, estamos reduzidos a um figuração. 
Yet I'm sure there's something more to be read in a man. 
People dare not -- they dare not turn the page. 
The laws of mimicry -- I call them the laws of fear. 
People are afraid to find themselves alone, and don't find themselves at all. 
I hate this moral agoraphobia -- it's the worst kind of cowardice. 
You can't create something without being alone. 
But who's trying to create here? 
What seems different in yourself: that's the one rare thing you possess, the one thing which gives each of us his worth; 
and that's just what we try to suppress. We imitate. And we claim to love life.
If time is precious, no book that will not improve by repeated readings deserves to be read at all.
[Men] prefer the foolish belief and the passions of the earth [to the enlightenment of their souls].  
They believe the absurd and shrink from the truth.""
No, they do not.  
They are afraid, that is all.  
And they must remain on earth until they come to the way of leaving it.""
And how do they leave?  
How is the ascent made?  
Must one learn virtue?"
Here she laughs.  "
You have read too much, and learned too little.  
Virtue is a road, not a destination.  
Man cannot be virtuous.  Understanding is the goal.  When that is achieved, the soul can take wing.
What is real is not the external form, but the essence of things.
Faith in Qur'anic revelation unveils all the possibilities that lie before the human intellect.
We make versions, and true versions make worlds.
Manlius ... 
took care in his invitations, actively sought to exclude from his circle crude and vulgar men like Caius Valerius.  
But they were all around; 
it was Manlius who lived in a dream world, and his bubble of civility was becoming smaller and smaller.  
Caius Valerius, powerful member of a powerful family, had never even heard of Plato.  
A hundred, even fifty years before, such an absurdity would have been inconceivable.  
Virtue comes through contemplation of the divine, and the exercise of philosophy.  
But it also comes through public service.  
The one is incomplete without the other.  Power without wisdom is tyranny; wisdom without power is pointless.
Philosophy cannot be extinguished, though men will try ... 
The spirit seeks the light, that is its nature.  
It wishes to return to its origin, and must forever try to reach enlightenment.
I have brought peace to this land, and security," he began."
And what of your soul, when you use the cleverness of argument to cloak such acts?  
Do you think that the peace of a thousand cancels out the unjust death of one single person?  
Quidquid latine dictum sit, altum sonatur.
This causation exists as a streamed organization of constantly fluid potential. 
Anything that can be must first hold the streaming potential to be. 
It is soul. 
It is always potential. 
It is never static. 
It is never rigid. 
Its essence is all these, which means it can not be anything other and be the Primal Cause. 
It is never nothing. 
Nothing does not exist with it. 
It is something. 
It is anything. It is everything. At the same time! Just like your consciousness. Pure Unordered Potential!
Flow is the best of what happens when potential is activated by consciousness.
For an act to be evil, you must first perceive it, process and then conceive it as such. 
Then these acts are effects. 
They’re not causes. 
And by this I mean that these acts are not of Stream.  
Now we ask the other question again. What does it take for something, here specifically Stream, to be good or evil?
Time is simply the measurement of human progression against that of existence.
It is impossible for Stream to achieve unhappiness. 
Indeed it is. 
Unless that is, it exists in consciousness. 
Mma Ramotswe had listened to a World Service broadcast on her radio one day which had simply taken her breath away.  
I contend that we are both atheists. 
I just believe in one fewer god than you do. 
When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours.
Rudeness instantly establishes a set of norms, a set of regulatory orders, authority, and power. 
To be rude is to go against an established accepted concept or ordered regulation. 
Thus rudeness could be in kind, a deviation from the norm. 
Rudeness can also be in kind an instantiation outside a set foundation. 
A deviation from a norm holds the same set foundation as the norm, their disagreement merely a manner of degrees.
Let those who want to save the world if you can get to see it clear and as a whole. 
Then any part you make will represent the whole if it's made truly. The thing to do is work and learn to make it.
Olivier took a deep breath, then turned and bowed in farewell.  
Gersonides nodded in return, then thought of something."
The manuscript you brought me, by that bishop.  
It argues that understanding is more important than movement.  
If you can't test it, it's not theorics -- it's metatheorics. 
A branch of philosophy. 
The time of the autumn floods came and the hundred streams poured into the Yellow River.  …  
Then the Lord of the River was beside himself with Joy, believing that all the beauty in the world belonged to him alone.

We are not our own light.
He was a philosopher, if you know what that was.’‘
A man who dreams of fewer things than there are in heaven and earth,’ said the Savage promptly.‘Quite so…
I do not know what the heart of a rascal may be, but I know what is in the heart of an honest man; it is horrible.
striid  andWthdraw into yourself. Our master-reason asks no more than to act justly, and thereby to achieve calm.
Time is the Mind of Space.
Weather is a purely personal matter. 
There is no such thing as a climate that is cold or hot, good or bad, healthy or unhealthy. 
People take it upon themselves to create a fantasy in their imagination and call it weather. 
A truth is not necessary, because we negatively are not able to conceive the actual existence of the opposite thereof;
War is thus divine in itself, since it is a law of the world. 
War is divine through its consequences of a supernatural nature which are as much general as particular. 
War is divine in the mysterious glory that surrounds it and in the no less inexplicable attraction that draws us to it. 
War is divine by the manner in which it breaks out.
To be clear-headed rather than confused; 
lucid rather than obscure; 
rational rather than otherwise; 
and to be neither more, nor less, sure of things than is justifiable by argument or evidence. That is worth trying for.
la propriété, c'est le vol!
What, more realistically, is this "mutation," the "new man"? 
The blind lead the blind; we will come to sea.
If he was not exactly a Spartan, he was, you might say, spartanatical. 
Things happened to you; they were good,or they were bad - and that was the truth about everything.
Thought is what we start from: the simple, intimate, immediate datum. Matter is the inferred thing, the mystery.
Truth may start out timid, but it finishes bold.
Mortals are odd creatures in that sense—flawed yet hopeful. 
One can study them through millennia and still get nowhere near full understanding of their nature.
The road ahead is long and there will be many setbacks. 
Success is not assured… but the price of failure has never been this high.
The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live-moreover, the only one.
And, like this insubstantial pageant faded, Leave not a rack behind. 
As dreams are made on, and our little life Is rounded with a sleep.
The primitive tribes permitted far less individual freedom than does modern society. 
Ancient wars were committed with far less moral justification than modern ones. 
A technology that produces debris can find, and is finding, ways of disposing of it without ecological upset. 
O principal é não mentir. 
What about you, Snipes?" 
Dunbar asked.  "
You think there to be mountain lions up here or is it just folks' imaginings?"
Snipes pondered the question a few moments before speaking.
Le spectacle est le mauvais rêve de la société moderne enchaînée, qui n'exprime finalement que son désir de dormir.  
Le spectacle est le gardien de ce sommeil.
Partout où il y a représentation indépendante, le spectacle se reconstitue.
Morality can provide at most only a severely limited and insufficient answer to the question of how a person should live.

Septimus has been working too hard" - that was all she could say to her own mother. 
To love makes one solitary, she thought.
Is beauty enhanced or adulterated by utility?
Il est le soleil qui ne se couche jamais sur l'empire de la passivité moderne.  
Il recouvre toute la surface du monde et baigne indéfiniment dans sa propre gloire.
- Escute mais isso. 
Por outro lado, forças jovens, frescas, sucumbem em vão por falta de apoio, e isso aos milhares, e isso em toda parte! 
Not a good book.  
It attempts to take a complex subject and make it assessable to the layman with cartoons, and in this effort it fails.  
The hand's grasp near fits the skull, the covering bone by bone enclosed. 
And saying this, we grasp that.
Il est ce qui échappe à l'activité des hommes, à la reconsidération et à la correction de leur œuvre.
Dont tout «avoir» effectif doit tirer son prestige immédiat et sa fonction dernière.
Aus Lügen, die wir glauben, werden Wahrheiten, mit denen wir leben.
Le spectacle est la principale production de la société actuelle.
Le but n'est rien, le développement est tout.  Le spectacle ne veut en venir à rien d'autre qu'à lui-même.
you got a sad story, ruth,' mimba said. '
but not sad-sad.  
you here with me and cato and all us together now.  
you have a happy-sad story.  
best you can get in this life is happy-sad.  
but you always gotta remember your own mama that birthed you.  
even though you only got a crumb of her story, you still got to say her name out loud.  
you always honor your dead, else you get trouble from them, sure.
Attitude without altitude is no better than attitude on altitude.
It is true we drive people to distraction, but only because they insist on going there.
A farm regulated to production of raw commodities is not a farm at all.  
It is a temporary blip until the land is used up, the water polluted, the neighbors nauseated, and the air unbreathable.  
An ordinary mirror is silvered at the back but the window of the night train has darkness behind the glass. 
My face and the faces of other travellers were now mirrored on this darkness in a succession of stillnesses. 
Consider this, said the darkness: any motion at any speed is a succession of stillnesses; 
When Coleridge tried to define beauty, he returned always to one deep thought; 
beauty, he said, is unity in variety! 
When I say that consciousness is an illusion I do not mean that consciousness does not exist. 
I mean that consciousness is not what it appears to be. 
The best reaction to a paradox is to invent a genuinely new and deep idea.
If disaster, so be it, they said to themselves. 
There was nothing to be done except what could be done. 
To establish that a rule is likely to be true, one must try to prove it false.
It is evident as a matter of logic that, since they (world religions) disagree, not more than one of them can be true.
Das Spiel ist der Inbegriff demokratischer Lebensart. 
Es ist die letzt uns verbliebene Seinsform. 
Certainty a strange Ferris wheel of a statement!
It ain't no broken.
Une philosophie doit etre portative.
Napoleon said of Massena, that he was not himself until the battle began to go against him; 
I am philosophical Christ; crucified on the cross of ignorance for the sake ofdivine vanity.
For Christians . . . 
There is only one religion - it is a way a man dies.
Rousseau identified reason as the disease for which it pretended to be  the cure.
You’re still a little shy, I see, the wizard noted.  
I think if you ignore evil, my friend, it tends to grow stronger. (Quinhelm, the wizard - from BRIGGEN)
Do you want this ice cream?" 
he asked her, whisking the dish all around the tabletop. "
I mean, do you truly want it? 
Would you fight for this ice cream? 
Would you bear a deep wound in order to possess this ice cream completely? 
How deep a wound? What if it was as deep as the grave? What does this ice cream really mean to you, Miss Cabrini?
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio,Than are dreamt of in your philosophy.
Guilt is a feeling that you owe a debt that you're not paying.
The only part of you that hurts when you're given the truth is the part that lives on lies.
We raise predators by treating children as prey.
There is no reality exception in action.
All we think about in the cycle of violence is men. 
If we miss the oestrogen factor we cannot solve the cycle of violence. 
Ansar is an Arabic term that means helpers or supporters. 
They were the citizens of Medina who helped Prophet Mohammed upon His arrival to the Holy city. 
While 'Hussain' is a derivation of 'Hassan' that means 'GOOD' (I also owe this one to Khaled Hosseini). 
That's how my favorite character in my debut novel 'When Strangers meet..' 
gets his name... 
Society has arisen out of the works of peace; 
the essence of society is peacemaking. 
Peace and not war is the father of all things. 
Only economic action has created the wealth around us; 
labor, not the profession of arms, brings happiness. Peace builds, war destroys.
Hun sahajik jivu ae brahmacharya chhe. parane daman karu ae nahi.
Humans do not want to be better. 
A person may want to swim better or have a better smile. 
But they don't want humanity to swim better or have a better smile. 
It isn't even a question of “want,” they don't care. I don't care.
The idea of Plato that philosophers must be the rulers and directors of society is practiced in India.
Ein Philosoph ist ein Mann, der in Ermangelung einer Frau die ganze Welt umarmt.
A free man thinks of nothing less than of death, and his wisdom is a meditation not on death but on life.
No matter what happens or what we go through, there is always a miracle waiting for us. The miracle is you.
Even though we all know something,There is a lot more to it.
There can be many opinions on a thing, but there is only one truth.
You can´t prove nonexistence".
it's not all about the direction,its about the destination.
Management ae gyan no nahi anubhuti no visaya chhe. 
Tamare aema thi paas thavu pade.
Agashi ni andar chatai pathari hath pag uladva thi taravanu naa aavde. Ae maate tamare pani ma dhubako marvo pade.
 Philosophers, Poets and Fools have similar Consciousness 
The glass is neither half empty, nor half full. 
The glass is just a glass and it's content can perpetually change with your perception.
God is a sound frequency, and we can all tune in if we just listen. 
Some find The Rhythm through different melodies, but it's all music.
We all go a little mad sometimes.
 Shared Happiness gives real Happiness
No, the state is anything but the result of a contract! 
No one with even just an ounce of common sense would agree to such a contract. 
I have a lot of contracts in my files, but nowhere is there one like this. 
The state is the result of aggressive force and subjugation. 
It has evolved without contractual foundation, just like a gang of protection racketeers. 
And concerning the struggle of all against all: that is a myth.
Morality he found amusing, in the obscure way that only a man with a Ph.
D. 
One should engage in all sorts of breadless arts.
A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.
To feel the joy of life go where your heart is taking you.
Hate never can win a heart,Only love can do that.
Be awesome! Smile like a flower.
I have been told the best things in life are free ~ I found them very expensive.
Life doesn't offers charity, it offers chance.
You don't need to wish harder, you need to work harder.
The ruling classes use broken and smashed up childhoods as weaponised instruments of domination around the world. 
This is why the government has no incentive to end child abuse; 
because the government needs abuse victims as enforcers.
If you can confess before a friend, you don't need a priest.
Children are the only bold philosophers. And bold philosophers are invariably children.
In all of its operations, cinema ceaselessly strives, and fails, to make present a world hopelessly beyond grasp. 
For this reason cinema is, in its very nature, a nihilistic medium.
Dare question society for society will surely question you.
I am a lover, and I deal in love. 
Sow flowers,So your surroundings become a garden.
Don't sow thorns; for they will prick your feet.We are all one body,Whoever tortures another, wounds himself.
One day Lal shahbaz was wandering in the desert with his friend Sheikh Bhaa ud-Din Zakariya. 
It was winter, and evening time, so they began to build a fire to keep warm. 
They found some wood, but then they realised they had no fire. 
So Baha ud- Din suggested that Lal Shahbaz turn himself into a falcon and get fire from hell. 
Off he flew, but an hour later he came back empty handed. "
There is no fire in hell," he reported. "
Everyone who goes there brings their own fire, and their own pain, from this world.
Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.
The world carried on before we arrived. 
We make our entrance, adapt to our surroundings and join the chase to nowhere. 
We depart without fulfilment. The world carries on.
Sometimes an act of common sense is indistinguishable from an act of genius.
Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.
You do not admit the conceivability at all?' 
he queried. '
But why not? 
We admit the existence of electricity, of which we know nothing. 
Why should there not be some new force, still unknown to us, which...''
Today I am leading because yesterday I was reading.
Happiness should come at a cost which makes it worth. 
Don't let anything consume you.Else it turns you into a slave and curbs your freedom
Winning isn’t everything, but losing isn’t anything.
La strega prese l'ostia e la mise controluce, quando la mangiò si appiccicò al palato.
Lui le diede il vino. "Qui ci sono i segreti del mondo."La strega bevve. "Ecco perché sa di aceto.
War arises between two confidential people or confidential groups.
Intellectual activity in a culture is not a one-way flow between the great minds and passive recipients; 
Every time when you think,Think about every first 20 seconds of your best Moments in your life time.
Że też w tym kraju każdy kelner jest filozofem i każdy filozof kelnerem.
Reading doesn't mean accepting everything you read, it means reasoning everything you read.
To perform you need practice, to practice you need passion.
People shouldn't just talk about you, they should tell your tales.
The late Mr. 
David Hume, in his posthumous works, places the powers of generation much above those of our boasted reason; 
Your courage will be tested during the adversity as well as during the change.
If you want kids, choose your girlfriend like your future child has the deciding vote.
But spontaneity is not by any means a blind, disorderly urge, a mere power of caprice. 
Every man in the world is either a Realist or a Nominalist. 
Valuing names as they do, Realists are sparing with them. 
They are likely to be known only as Joe or Bill or Plato. 
And they don't smile much.  
Nominalists have more fun. 
Pages entertain me more than pictures do.
Professional men run the business started by the courageous men.
when science has killed god, science will be god.
You never know what will spark a student's interest and feed the flame of learning. 
For me, all subjects are connected: writing, reading, science, art, music, math, social studies. 
Is it me that you want or is it a "we" that you want?
Man creates the link between Nature and Archetype.
To hold a rosein your hand,you must firstoffer your blood.
You travelamong the starswhilst I grovelupon this earth.
Deep down I knew,it would takeseveral more lifetimesbefore I couldreach you.
Spirits arrive at this world in naked bodies, their purpose - to grow wings.
Foolishness is the foundation of my wisdom,without foolishness there is no wisdom:
Truth that is naked is the most beautiful.
Being and not being are not two different realities, but two different aspects of the same reality.
As you know, shibumi has to do with great refinement underlying commonplace appearances. 
In the deep Mysteries of the world, their belong time, still unexplored and to be explored.
Be natural at heart and new in mind.
No one can hurt you without teaching a life's lesson. So accept it with love and kindness.
A single man is minority, a leader is the majority.
Live like a tree, giving, forgiving and free.
Histories make men wise; 
poets, witty; the mathematics, subtle; natural philosophy, deep; moral, grave; logic and rhetoric, able to contend.
Worse is man who abandons himself
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty.
Truth has nothing to do with the conclusion, and everything to do with the methodology.
You have given intelligence to find one solution, and imagination to find ten.
In order to create a new world, we must first destroy the old one.
In fact, certainty exists in very different modes. 
Preparation doesn't assures victory, it assures confidence.
A philosophy untouched by the shadows on the wall can only yield a sterile utopia.
Overcoming negative experiences defines character and increases wisdom.
What did the Romans say? “
De gustibus non est disputandum”: It is worthless to discuss personal taste. It is called 'personal' for a reason.
My advice to you is not to inquire why or whither, but just to enjoy your ice cream while it's on your plate.
God gave us memory so that we might have roses in December.
Social dynamic theory is philosophy, not politics. 
There can't be only one correct answer, or there would only be one book." Sharon L Reddy, Worldcon, 1995.
Let animals live like animals; let humans live like humans. That's my whole philosophy in a sentence.
Philosophy not only dissipates our anxieties, but it also arms us against the buffets of fortune.
Since no two days are the same,we must be entering life's classroom when we wake up each morning
What if I said I wanted a friend?' 
The ship crouches among the fresh-cut stalks. '
Or a lover? That's how you make a person, yes? By affection and intimacy. By touches like knives in a salted bed.
Naive people tend to generalize people as—-good, bad, kind, or evil based on their actions. 
However, even the smartest person in the world is not the wisest or the most spiritual, in all matters.  
We are all flawed. 
Maybe, you didn’t know a few of these things about Einstein, but it puts the notion of perfection to rest. 
Perfection doesn’t exist in anyone. 
Nor, does a person’s mistakes make them less valuable to the world. 1. 
He divorced the mother of his children, which caused Mileva, his wife, to have a break down and be hospitalized.2.
He was a ladies man and was known to have had several affairs; 
infidelity was listed as a reason for his divorce.3.
He married his cousin.4.
He had an estranged relationship with his son.5. 
He had his first child out of wedlock.6. 
He urged the FDR to build the Atom bomb, which killed thousands of people.7. 
He was Jewish, yet he made many arguments for the possibility of God. 
Yet, hypocritically he did not believe in the Jewish God or Christianity. 
We have the power to shape our lives, by the way we think. 
Only that to have a progressive life, we must train ourselves into thinking in a certain way.
The dead, Your Honor, do not agonize over their crimes and do not long to be happy, as you know. 
We are all like seasons. We change when it's time.
Each pregnant Oak ten thousand acorns formsProfusely scatter'd by autumnal storms;
Ten thousand seeds each pregnant poppy shedsProfusely scatter'd from its waving heads;
The countless Aphides, prolific tribe,With greedy trunks the honey'd sap imbibe;
Swarm on each leaf with eggs or embryons big,And pendent nations tenant every twig ...—
All these, increasing by successive birth,Would each o'erpeople ocean, air, and earth.
So human progenies, if unrestrain'd,By climate friended, and by food sustain'd,O'er seas and soils, prolific hordes! 
would spreadErelong, and deluge their terraqueous bed;
But war, and pestilence, disease, and dearth,Sweep the superfluous myriads from the earth...
The births and deaths contend with equal strife,And every pore of Nature teems with Life;
Which buds or breathes from Indus to the Poles,And Earth's vast surface kindles, as it rolls!
Respect is a one way street, it goes from bottom to top
إن الحاجة الملحة للتخلص من الرغبات تخفف من وطأة الوجود
Čežnja za filozofijom je iskra u duši koja se, kada se jednom zapali, održava i više ne gasi.
[A] planet, wholly inhabited by spiders, (which is very possible)
No deseo ser poeta para los demás; descúbrete y yo seré tu poeta...
By firm immutable immortal laws Impress'd on Nature by the GREAT FIRST CAUSE,Say, MUSE! 
how rose from elemental strifeOrganic forms, and kindled into life;
How Love and Sympathy with potent charmWarm the cold heart, the lifted hand disarm;
Allure with pleasures, and alarm with pains,And bind Society in golden chains.
Most of the things that truly make us happy in life are hard to count
If a superior intimidates their inferiors, the inferiors would end up losing self confidence.
Smile sometimes: it won’t add years to your life, but it will add life to your years.
A metaphor is not merely a linguistic expression (a form of words) used for artistic or rhetorical purposes; 
instead, it is a process of human understanding by which we achieve meaningful experience that we can make sense of. 
Loneliness is the best way to realize that you are not alone..
We can never see what we never question, for we who escapes, blinds us
Zu den Sachen selbst!
You want to get a good look at yourself. 
You stand before a mirror, you take off your jacket, unbutton your shirt, open your belt, unzip your fly. 
The outer clothing falls from you. 
You take off your shoes and socks, baring your feet. 
You remove your underwear. At a loss, you examine the mirror. There you are. You are not there.
Do be stupid,it's genius.
Do be stupid, it's genius.
The true philosopher is one who makes people believe that he admires what he does not admire.
Mother used to say that however miserable one is, there’s always something to be thankful for. 
And each morning, when the sky brightened and light began to flood my cell, I agreed with her.
When we’re young nothing offends us, except adults telling us what should. 
Then when we become adults, nothing offends us, except we are offended on behalf of our young.
Spiritual": religion without any rules. All the comfort of fictitious friends with none of their demands.
To rulers religion, like almost everything else, is a tool of power.
Literature is the question without the answer. Philosophy is the answer without the question.
When people injure you, ask yourself what good or harm they thought would come of it. 
If you understand that, you'll feel sympathy rather than outrage or anger. 
Your sense of good and evil may be the same as theirs, or near it, in which case you have to excuse them. 
Or your sense of good and evil may differ from theirs. 
In which case they're misguided and deserve your compassion. Is that so hard?
We are haunted houses of history. Nobody that we meet ever dies while we are alive.
Primary causes are unknown to us; 
The world is full of magical things patiently waiting for our wits to grow sharper.
Maslow's five values are the values for which people live when they have nothing to live for. 
Nothing has seized them, nothing has caught them, nothing has driven them spiritually mad and made them worth talking to.

Improvement is not enough, you also needs innovation.
A scientist is proud of his intelligence, an artist is proud of his imagination.
Don't make such decisions whose bad results make you look like you are your own enemy.
We are limited by knowledge, not by courage.
There are many arts and sciences of which a miner should not be ignorant. 
First there is Philosophy, that he may discern the origin, cause, and nature of subterranean things; 
we all have dream cars,dream houses and jobs but as soon as we stop dreaming we wake up go take a pee. 
the world is waiting out here don't just dream,make it a dream.
He whom the flame of jealousy encompasseth, turneth at last, like the scorpion, the poisoned sting against himself.
If we inspire others, they would accept our influence and they would remember it for their whole lives.
Improvement is not enough, you also need innovation.
All but universally, human architecture values front elevations over back entrances, public spaces over private. 
Our ancestors have invented, we can at least innovate.
Star in the sky is useless to the world,Star on the stage makes the difference to the world.
We are fed ideas in small sound bites that are really just the conclusions of particular beliefs. 
We do not examine what underpins these sound bites. 
What's in a name? That which we call a rose by any other name would smell as sweet.
Sorting out what's good and bad is the province of ethics. 
It is also what keeps priests, pundits, and parents busy. 
Unfortunately, what keeps children and philosophers busy is asking the priests, pundits and parents, "Why?
Life is about more that quotes about life
System fails when people with ability don't have authority and people with authority don't have ability.
Dare to desire, dare to do.
People have boldness to criticize but not to sensitize.
A real businessman value his partners like friends and his partnership like friendship.
First make your business itself a brand and then every product you create will be accepted as a brand.
Healthy people sleep eight hours,Wealthy people sleep four hours.
In the beginning of the year 1665 I found the Method of approximating series 
My ideas will not be discussed, they will be executed.
You have your God, I have my guts.
My men are my money.
You are the best book you could ever write phi
Long life to Commerce!  
My soul expands at the sight of its life.  
Your greatest adventure is written inside of you
Your abilities are not enough to fulfill your wishes, so work considering your wishes and not your abilities.
Great ideas doesn't need approvals, they need application.
In writing, as in life, its not the big words that are the problem its the little minds that read them.
Consistency is good, but progress is better.
The only measurement I understand is perfection.
Destiny is always a doorstep away, if we know to move in the right direction.
Do not take life too seriously. You'll never get out of it alive.
The phantasmogoric philosophy, ineluctable bride of mediocrity.
Nada disso tem a ver com moralidade, religião, dogmas ou grandes questões sobre a vida após a morte. 
A verdade com V maiúsculo diz respeito à vida antes da morte. 
Diz respeito a chegar aos trinta, ou quem sabe aos cinquenta, sem querer dar um tiro na cabeça. 
Hug your customers but also offer handshake to your competitors.
Everyone knows that dragons don’t exist. 
But while this simplistic formulation may satisfy the layman, it does not suffice for the scientific mind. 
The School of Higher Neantical Nillity is in fact wholly unconcerned with what does exist. 
Indeed, the banality of existence has been so amply demonstrated, there is no need for us to discuss it any further here. 
Not just charity, even corruption begins at home.
The line between fiction and fact is at times factual and at times fictional
There are no logical contradictions in the Christian faith. 
We don't get to choose if we get hurt in this world, old man, but we do have a say in who hurts us. 
I know I like my choices. I hope she likes hers.I do, Augustus. I do.
Truth changes with the season of our emotions. 
It is the shadow that moves with the phases of our inner sun. 
When the nights falls, only our perception can guess where it hides in the dark. 
Dear Hunger Games :Screw you for helping cowards pretend you have to be great with a bow to fight evil.
You don't need to be drafted into a monkey-infested jungle to fight evil.
You don't need your father's light sabre, or to be bitten by a radioactive spider.
You don't need to be stalked by a creepy ancient vampire who is basically a pedophile if you're younger than a redwood.
Philosophy makes the shy people strong and the strong people stronger.
...
All names disappear. Children should be taught that in elementary school. But we're afraid to teach them.
...
...If the world was flat, philosophers would be the ones attaching bungees to the edge and jumping off...
Labor to keep alive in your breast that little spark of celestial fire called conscience.
Our view of the mind not only shapes our view of ourselves; 
less obviously, it also shapes our view of that part of our experience we conceive of as dealing with the external world. 
My philosophy is: there is no use of trying to be kind to those who are always rude to you.
What are any of the disciplines but a way in which people trying to make sense of the world or the universe?
Almost everything we call "higher culture" is based on the spiritualization of cruelty.
Crowd is just a bunch of heads, it is their leader who is the mind.
Lüzum sıfatına sahip olmayanlara kötü davranmak mı gerek? 
Yoksa onlara lüzum sıfatını vermek mi gerek? Yardımcı olup bunu sağlamalı ancak lüzumsuz insan bunu kabullenmişse ya?
İki tür göz vardır: Bedenin gözü ve ruhun gözü… Bedenin gözü kimi zaman unutabilir; ama ruhun gözü her zaman anımsar.
Felsefe, insanın gücü ölçüsünde yüce Yaratici/lar olanın fiillerine benzemesidir.
İnsanlar, kendilerine layık oldukları hayatı seçerler… Bunun sonucu olarak layık olduklarını zaten kendileri bulurlar…
I stared up in disbelief at the information my eyes fed my brain, and lost myself to the stars.
The sharpest tools in the box are not always the best tools for the job.
The beauty of having nothing to lose, is you learn the beauty of having everything to gain.  
This is where hope lives.
Hope can’t be taken.
Hope can’t be lost.
Hope can’t be broken.
When we are boiled down to what we are as people. 
We are not love, because we hope to love, we are not money or who we hold, because we hope to have and to hold. 
We are not religion or God, because we enter into belief in the hope we get something back for ourselves. 
We are not a soul.We are hope.
All snowmen look to the sky, knowing their death will be delivered by the horizon.  
Before dawn, their life becomes the darkest. 
The moment before the sun burns all. 
The Snowmen go mental. 
Kill or be killed. I only just escaped the violent puddles, the sticks and stones.The broken carrot noses.
Destiny is always a doorstep away, if we know to move in the right direction.
Life 
So it is: we are not given a short life but we make it short, and we are not Ill-supplied but wasteful of it.
My mind was formed by studying philosophy, Plato and that sort of thing.
But truly, if I were not Alexander, I would be Diogenes.
Mangarap ka at abutin mo ito. 
Wag mo sisihin ang sira mong pamilya, palpak mong syota, pilay mong tuta, o mga lumilipad na ipis...
Kung may pagkukulang sayo ang mga magulang mo, pwede kang manisi at magrebelde... 
tumigil sa pag-aaral, mag drugs ka, magpakulay ng buhok sa kilikili... 
Sa bandang huli, ikaw din ang biktima... Rebeldeng walang napatunayan at bait sa sarili.
It's astonishing how much trouble one can get oneself into, if one works at it.  
Sometimes in life there comes a time when one has to dance with the devil
Belief In Self""If you quit while pursuing your dreams, you will never know how close you've come to success. 
If you quit pursuing your dreams, you will never know how close you've come to success. 
si te olvidas de por qué haces lascosas te olvidarás de por qué debes hacerlas bien.
Life is a sexual transmission disease
God only uses those that have been rescued to rescue others. Which one will you be today?
If you care about hundreds, you have to care about one."- Wraith
Some topics seem to be nothing but philosophical circles designed to lure the unsuspecting ant to its death.
It's never too late to change, unless you're already fully undressed
he bourgeoisie has subjected the country to the rule of the towns. 
The bourgeoisie has subjected the country to the rule of the towns. 
For all our failings. Despite our limitations fallibilities. We humans are capable of greatness
You are not blamed for your unwilling ignorance, but because you fail to ask about what you do not know.... 
For no one is prevented from leaving behind the disadvantage of ignorance and seeking the advantage of knowledge.
We’re all odd balls; some people are just better at pretending to be even
Aristotle was famous for knowing everything. 
He taught that the brain exists merely to cool the blood and is not involved in the process of thinking. 
This is true only of certain persons.
You know you’re not perfect and that’s good. 
Perfect is boring. 
You have a lot to offer. 
A lot more to experience and so many things to learn. There are more pages to fill up so act your age.
Every journey has its own traveler. 
Every dream has its own dreamer. 
We are all belonged to a specific journey and dream. 
This is your moment now. 
Go for it. 
LIVE. 
Choose to be happy. 
Choose the life you always wanted. 
Never settle for anything nor less than any good. 
You deserve to be happy. You deserve to enjoy this life. For God sake, enjoy living your life to the fullest.
My heart is not available for hurt.
People in love overvalue their heart and undervalue their mind.
God has created you, not your future.
If you don't have the confidence to ask, you will never have the confidence to convince.
When you are one of several, then you have lost your freedom; 
you cannot send for your traveling boots whenever you wish, you cannot move aimlessly about in the world. ~ Either/Or
The descent into Hell is easy
You don't need anybody's permission to prove yourself, just prove yourself.
Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.
Don't feel bad if your youth cannot be joyful, but at least make it useful.
I have lived in the pursuit of a vision, both personal and social. 
Personal: to care for what is noble, for what is beautiful, for what is gentle; 
to allow moments of insight to give wisdom at more mundane times. 
Change blows through the branches of our existence. 
People become followers of the God because of his fear, but they become a fan of a hero because of his work.
I blew a strand of black hair from my face. “
A demon treating another with kindness is something I have yet to see.”“
Careful,” the demon whispered. “
You may have already seen the rough shape and form it takes in this world, and yet you do not recognize it.
That's enough crying about the problems, let's begin killing the problems.
People with responsibility and people without responsibility are sorry for each other.
...no on of intelligence resents the inevitable.
Purpose without virtue is vanity.
My artificial creations will be better than nature's natural creations.
As you grow old, if you don't earn some money or inspiration out of your hobby, you will stop pursuing your hobby.
Your whole life, you are told what is right and what is wrong. 
What you should do and what you should not do. 
What makes a good citizen and what makes a traitorous one. 
What happens, then, when you do everything you are not meant to do? 
Break down each and every barrier? Find out how good you are by how evil you can be?
A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.
Beginning in itself has no value, it is an end which makes beginning meaningful, we must end what we begun.
A man can build a home but it needs a woman to run a home.
God gave us ground we created a city, God gave us time we need to create a future.
Your clothes should be as important as your skin.
Jewelry maybe is more expensive than clothes, but clothes are more important than jewelry.
Punctuality is not just limited to arriving at a place at right time, it is also about taking actions at right time.
Every person is a project, God's project, I want to be the most profitable one.
Cleverness have no meanings until you find the stupidity that teach you.
Take care of your manners as seriously as your money.
How can we assert and test hypotheses if there are no such things as assertions that can be evaluated as true or false? 
How can we design experiments if there is not such thing as design? 
How can we explain anything if we do not assert anything and if others cannot understand it?
A civilization must be judged by its standards not by its expenditure.
Scientific materialism is neither an implication nor a presupposition of doing science. 
Rather it is a metaphysical and sometimes religious stance that some people have toward science.
If life is an evolving process, then consistent change is the only resolving mechanism to problematic cases
A fine risk is always something to be taken in philosophy. ... 
Pragmatism is good prevention for problems.
Let people stick to their philosophy, you stick  to your passion.
Lovers tend to be philosophical, achievers are practical.
When it comes to creating things, I compete with nature not with men.
A painting shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.
Nature has created countless number of wonders, we got a long way to go as man have created only seven wonders.
In meetings philosophy might work,on the field practicality works.
I don't like museums, I like labs.
You think you're superior to the others, don't you? 
We'll you're not. In fact you're worse for mistaking basic human decency for moral superiority.
Atheism rises above creeds and puts Humanity upon one plane.
There can be no 'chosen people' in the Atheist philosophy.
There are no bended knees in Atheism;
No supplications, no prayers;
No sacrificial redemptions;
No 'divine' revelations;
No washing in the blood of the lamb;
No crusades, no massacres, no holy wars;
No heaven, no hell, no purgatory;
No silly rewards and no vindictive punishments;No christs, and no saviors;No devils, no ghosts and no gods.
If you are not an exception, try to be the example.
Logic issues in tautologies, mathematics in identities, philosophy in definitions; 
all trivial, but all part of the vital work of clarifying and organising our thought.
You’re better looking than me. 
You’re more intelligent than me. 
Your personality is more likable than mine. 
You make more money than me. 
Your family is nicer than mine. 
Your religion is better than mine. 
You’ve seen more beaches than me. 
You’ve been to more cities than me. 
Your automobile is nicer than mine. 
Your significant other is better looking than mine. 
Your candidate won. Your home team won. You’re number one. But life is a tie. We all die.
Philosophy is the strangest of subjects: it aims at rigour and yet is unable to establish any results; 
The great philosopher, Aristotle had this to say in regards to criticism.   “
There is only one way to avoid criticism: do nothing, say nothing, and be nothing.
Human experience always contains both pain and joy. 
Subconsciously, we all want to be nebula... 
In the end, we’re all connected. 
We’re all going to become one cloud of light whether you like it or not. We’re all made of the same star dust.
Emotions manipulates the man more than habits do.
Ordinary men earns responsibility towards their family, extraordinary men earns duty towards their nation.
Before you get bored of yourself try creativity in your life.
L'âme qui aime et qui souffre est à l'état sublime.
Parfois, insurrection, c'est résurrection.
Il vient une heure où protester ne suffit plus ; 
après la philosophie il faut l’action ; la vive force achève ce que l’idée a ébauché.
La lumière des torches ressemble à la sagesse des lâches; elle éclaire mal, parce qu'elle tremble.
La philosophie est le microscope de la pensée.
Sure, people can make you happy, but no one can stop you from being happy.
I must have seen the separation coming for weeks, but simply chose not to acknowledge it. 
However, there was no indifference. 
Just pure, fraught alienation. 
My idea is to live virtually unafraid. 
We're never told of forces equally unabashed. 
It's a concoction for thrills, sure, but it's also a formula for heartbreak. 
The kind of heartbreak that congeals around the flesh; 
slows a person down to the freezing point, and cheats them of the most significant civilities left in this world.
There are no logical contradictions in the Christian faith. 
If you look deep enough into anything, sense is always there to be made, wouldn’t you agree?
How small a thought it takes to fill a whole life.
Books, and only books, give me a chance to escape the realms of reality.
Any coward can instill fear. 
It's easy to scare people, but having the strength to make them feel safe? Now that's power.
The beauty of art is that it comes from the heart.
People never forget two things, their first love and the money they wasted watching a bad movie.
See the life through your heart, understand it by your mind and love it like your soul.
In modern times, beauty is more trusted than goodness.
Never believe a friend who offered you his friendship just because he was getting bored.
Audience can live without a movie but a movie cannot live without an audience.
A borrower who doesn't returns is a beggar.
People fear nothing as much as boredom and they will do unimaginable things to make it go away.
I don't expect congratulations for successful beginning, what I want is the applaud at successful ending.
Don't overestimate your emotions and underestimate your intelligence.
Be bold, don't be boring.
And if your master truly loved you, he would tell you that. 
In order to escape the bounds of earthly experience, you bind yourself to a master. 
Bound is bound. 
If your master really loved you, he would not demand your devotion. He would set you free--from himself, first of all.
My 'passion' is my priority.
At home I am a man, at work I am a machine.
People won't respect you until you achieve the respectable goals.
The primary feature of women is not a 'beauty', it's a 'mystery'.
There is enough knowledge in the books to explain the existing, your knowledge must inspire what is possible.
The function of a heart is to keep the body alive, I genuinely believe it is mind which takes care of everything else.
You cannot know how many other miracles one sole miracle begets. 
She was not a savior. 
She did not confer salvation. 
She said we were to be the saviors. 
She said we know God only through each other. 
That God is not in us, but between us. 
That we deliver God to each other, like a flame passed from cupped hand to cupped hand. 
We bring God to life in each other.
Negotiation is permissible for mediocrity not for excellence.
Whoever controls the volume of money in any country is absolute master of all industry and commerce.
Often the strongest blades were pounded the hardest, or scorched the most severely; 
We judge them by their strength and sharpness, not by their prior rough experiences. 
With our comrades it should be the same. A good blade is rarely forged in a velvet box.
Never wish ill on someone else. 
The gods may become confused and bring that fortune to you. 
Conversely, this may be another reason to wish well on others. 
That way even a garbled wish can only have a positive outcome.
It can be deeply frustrating when people disagree with you, especially when it is so many of them. 
It might make you feel slighted, or even isolated. 
It is in your own power to maintain the beauty of your soul, or to be a decent human being.
Beliefs are stronger than mere ideas, thoughts and notions, be careful about what you believe.
My brothers and sisters of America, there is not the least shadow of hope that India can ever be Christianised. 
Knowing yourself is the beginning of al wisdom.
In the history of philosophy, the term “rationalism” has two distinct meanings. 
I can lend you my money not my books.
We weep for the blood of a bird, but not for the blood of a fish. Blessed are those who have voice.
{From Lindsey's address at the funeral of renowned scientist Luther Burbank. 
No matter how far and where to birds may fly, they never lose their way and always find their way back home
Always think in circles to get your ideas around
It is difficult for an education in which the heart is involved to remain forever lost.
I can see the beauty of everything only through a fog.
In revenge and in love woman is more barbarous than man.
(كل قراءة خيانة مبدعة للنص).يكاد أن يكون البحث الفلسفي الراهن، في الإسلاميات وغيرها أيضاً، مُستغرقاً بأسره - إلا فيما ندر - في نطاق الشروح وتدبيج الحواشي على المتون. ومن هنا فإن قارئ "الأشعري" أو "ابن سينا" لا يختلف عن قارئ "ماركس" أو "سارتر"، فكل منهما "مريد طريقة" أو نهج واحد، وذلك من حيث أن كلاً منهما يتصور أن غاية الغايات من بحثه محصورة في مجرد "عرض" النص المقروء في أفضل لغة شارحة، لا في قراءة "واعية" للنص تلتمس -أساساً- ما يتجاوزه ويتعداه.إن التجربة المهيمنة على تلك القراءات الشارحة (
paraphrasing) هي تجربة أحادية جدباء. إنها "تجربة النص" فقط، وحتى هذه التجربة تفقد أعظم ما تنطوي عليه حين يُقرأ النص معزولاً عن مجمل سياقاته التاريخية التي أنتجته؛ أعني بالنظر إليه فقط على أنه بناء مغلق لا يحيل إلى شيء خارج ذاته.لكن من حسن الحظ أن ثمة ضرباً آخر من القراءة يتكشَّف عن مواجهة بين تجربتين - تجربة "النص" وتجربة "الشارح" - وهي مواجهة تفهم فيها الحياة نفسها، على قول "دلتاي".والحق أن هذا النهج في البحث يبدو كأحد النتاجات الجوهرية لحضارة لم تُخلِّف -منذ سنوات إفلاسها - إلا التدثُّر بالنصوص والشروح على متون الأسلاف. وهكذا لقرون عدة لم يتجاوز ما أبدعته هذه الحضارة إطار "التنصيص والتهميش". ويمكن القول إن جوهر "الأزمة" يتأتى من غياب "التاريخي" و"الإنساني" في الوعي الراهن لتلك الحضارة.ويبدو أن هذه الشروح أو القراءات غير الخائنة للنصوص التي جاوزت كل حد في أمانتها أو احتذائها للنصوص، قد تبلورت -تاريخياً- من تجربة حضارة لم تدرك تقدمها ونجاحها إلا في الوفاء لــ "نص"، هو القرآن، وذلك بغض النظر عن ضرورة قراءته في ضوء تجربة العصر؛ أي عصر.إذ النص، أي نص، يُعَد -طبقاً لتلك الشروح- ذو معنى ثابت مطلق يمكن التعرُّف عليه من خلال "تجربة عقلية محضة"، مع أن معناه ينبغي النظر إليه على أنه معنى متجدد يعيش في "قلب التجربة التاريخية" التي تتصف بالضرورة بأنها متجددة هي الأخرى.

It is not only the hostility of others that may prevent us from questioning the status quo. 
I tried to think outside the box but couldn't open the lid.
Whoever fights monsters should see that in the process he does not become a monster. 
And when you look long into an abyss, the abyss also looks into you.
Mas a explicação solitária já requer uma outra altitude - utilizemos esta palavra - da inteligência. 
Two kinds of people have many friends, one with bank balance and other with boldness.
Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.
Philosophy ... 
is a science, and as such has no articles of faith; 
One of the great problems of philosophy, is the relationship between the realm of knowledge and the realm of values. 
Knowledge is what is; 
values are what ought to be. 
I would say that all traditional philosophies up to and including Marxism have tried to derive the 'ought' from the 'is.' 
My point of view is that this is impossible, this is a farce.
There is, I assure you, a medical art for the soul. 
It is philosophy, whose aid need not be sought, as in bodily diseases, from outside ourselves. 
We must endeavor with all our resources and all our strength to become capable of doctoring ourselves.
Sukarno seorang diri, Gandhi seorang diri, bahkan para nabi seperti Isa dan Muhammad pun seorang diri. 
Para bijak seperti Lao Tze dan Siddharta juga seorang diri. Namun, merekalah yang mengubah dan membuat sejarah.
Check the history, more people died for freedom than love, people need freedom before they need love.
...
Let your soul go wherever it wants and it certainly takes you with him
To connect is to dissolve the imaginary pyramids of artificial privilege.
Earlier fundamental work of Whitehead, Russell, Wittgenstein, Carnap, Whorf, etc., 
No other thinker was so well prepared to give new impetus to the philosophical questions of the younger generation. 
I recall the story of the philosopher and the theologian... 
Cinta tidak perlu dibeli – karena ia gratis.
Ia tidak perlu diciptakan, tidak bisa diciptakan – karena ia selalu ada. 
Ia tidak dapat diciptakan, maka tidak pernah berakhir. 
Tidak bisa mati. 
Segala sesuatu yang romantis, puitis, bahkan segala macam filsafat, ada di dalamnya. 
Maka, sobatku, kadang cinta membingungkan. Karena, ia juga fisika, ia juga matematika, ia juga kimia
The protection guaranteed by the Amendments is much broader in scope. 
The makers of our Constitution undertook to secure conditions favorable to the pursuit of happiness. 
They recognized the significance of man’s spiritual nature, of his feelings, and of his intellect. 
They knew that only a part of the pain, pleasure and satisfactions of life are to be found in material things. 
They sought to protect Americans in their beliefs, their thoughts, their emotions and their sensations. 
He was a bureaucrat, not a hitman, and most of the time that's what supervillainy looks like in real life.
It is not a matter of whether one is biased or not. 
It is really a question of which bias is the best bias with which to be biased.
My power is my property. My power gives me property. My power am I myself, and through it am I my property.
People can think only in images. If you want to be a philosopher, write novels.
Cinta memang pasaran.
Karena manusia hidup di tengah pasar dunia. 
Ia membutuhkan cinta pasaran. 
Bila ia ditempatkan di suatu tempat yang sangat tinggi di luar jangkauan manusia, maka ia tidak berguna bagi manusia.
Pulau-pulau kecil yang terlihat olehmu, dipersatukan semuanya oleh laut. 
Setiap pulau beda, namun keberadaan mereka karena laut yang satu dan sama.
Anjuran-anjuran moral saja tidak bisa membikin tiap orang mendapat rezekinya yang cukup, apalagi membuat orang jadi kaya.

Be careful what you say. You can always say you're sorry, but you can never take back what you said.
One suspects that the conservatives of left and right don’t much like the “mass” and its badly informed preferences.  
Let us take care of you, they cry.  
Let tradition celebrated by wise elders, or planning implemented by wise experts, guide you, oh you sadly misled mass.  (
Always be careful what you say. You can say you're sorry, but you can never take back what you said.
If i die, and come again...in another lifetime...in a new body...soul...spirit, then...that is not me.
Similitude of the heart is like that of a telephone operator between man and God.
People are crazy about food, smoking, drinking, girls but not about their dreams.
A true friendship is one where you share both Philosophies and Vulnerabilities”.
Be the love of your love, not the slave of your love.
وسعادتهما لم تكن على الرغم من الحزن بل بفضله.
Sometime some works are done by some people in order to save belief of others toward them. 
No matter whether it is right or wrong.
I used to be a know it all, then I learnt something else
There is much: recognition of the fact that human beings live indeterminate and incomplete lives; 
recognition of the power exerted over and upon us by our own habits and memories; 
Your personality should be described in poem not in paragraph.
سألها ماذا بإمكانه أن يقدم لها: خمر؟لا، لا، لم تكن راغبة في الخمر.  إذا كان هناك شيء ترغب في شربه، فسيكون القهوة.
No, little one, George's ghost won't come back. 
Human beings don't have souls. 
No soul, no ghost. 
Simple.""
How can you say that?" 
protested Mopple. "
We don't know whether humans have souls or not.""
Every lamb knows that your soul is in your sense of smell. 
And human beings don't have very good noses." 
Maude herself had an excellent sense of smell, and often thought about the problem of souls and noses."
So you'd only see a very small ghost. Nothing to be afraid of.
هل صحيح أنه يجب علينا أن نرفع صوتنا حين يُسكت أحدهم رجلاً؟ نعم.
ماذا بقي من محتضري كمبوديا؟ صورة كبيرة للنجمة الأميركية تحمل بين ذراعيها طفلاً أصفر.ماذا بقي من توماس؟ كتابةُ: أراد مملكة الله على الأرض.ماذا بقي من بيتهوڤن؟ رجل مقطب الوجه، مشعث الشعر كمجنون وينطق بصوت مكتئب «
Esmuss Sein» «ليس من ذلك بدّ».ماذا بقي من فرانز؟ كتابةُ: بعد طول ضلال، العودة.وهكذا دواليك، وهكذا دواليك. قبل أن نُنسَى نتحول إلى «كيتش». «الكيتش» هو محطة اتصال بين الكائن والنسيان.

الحنين إلى الجنة إذاً هو رغبة الإنسان في ألًا يكون إنساناً.
الخيانة. منذ طفولتنا والوالد ومعلم المدرسة يكرران على مسامعنا بأنها أفظع شيء في الوجود.
أضافت المصوّر بتحبّب أمومي : «أجساد عارية. ولكن هذا أمر طبيعي جداً! وكل ما هو طبيعي جميل!».
كان يخشى في أغلب الأحيان أن يجدها جالسة على أرض الدكان الذي تشتري منه السجائر.
I work so hard for profits because my dreams are expensive.
Don't behave like your heart and mind are strangers to you; 
they are yours, don't depend on others to understand them, you got to understand them.
If we always think about past, we will miss our golden present which again in future turns to bad past.
Dreams can only be seen with open eyes, what you see while you asleep are nightmares.
It is not 'progressive' to try to resolve problems by eliminating a human life.
What decent philosopher was ever an appeaser? 
The former is a rare catch among the multitudes of modern opinionists. 
His role is to be one who loves truth. 
That is a place where his love for humanity is more powerful than his love for hot air about empowering humanity.
Theres a process of self doubt when things go wrong. 
Whether or not its personal or a friend in trouble, looking at ones self isn't always the answer neither is seeking god. 
Just acception and the will to decide is a human condition, but the circle of choices flux with time. 
So fight my friend or choose your demise, because after all we are only human.
I put no stock in religion. 
By the word religion I have seen the lunacy of fanatics of every denomination be called the will of god. 
Holiness is in right action, and courage on behalf of those who cannot defend themselves, and goodness. 
What God desires is here [mind] and here [heart] and what you decide to do every day will make you a good man...or not.
When you're lying in bed at night and regrets from the day come to steal your sleep...            "
I should have"                  "If only I'd"               "I wish I'd"...
grab one of them and turn it into an "I will" and sleep peacefully knowing tomorrow will be a better day.
All the philosophical theories that exist have been created by the mistaken dualistic minds of human beings.  
In the realm of philosophy, that which today is considered true, may tomorrow be proved to be false.  
No one can guarantee a philosophy's validity.  
Because of this, any intellectual way of seeing whatever is always partial and relative.  
The fact is that there is no truth to seek or to confirm logically; 
rather what one needs to do is to discover just how much the mind continually limits itself in a condition of dualism.
Dualism is the real root of our suffering and of all our conflicts.  
All our concepts and beliefs, no matter how profound they may seem, are like nets which trap us in dualism.  
The darkest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain their neutrality in times of moral crisis.
World can run without money and currencies but not without business and trade.
Taking actions will fulfill your dreams and wishes, not the prayers and blessings.
Most of the people are nice to live with, but not to do business with!
Your money is just a condition to get my business, your professionalism is the price.
To do nothing is to welcome Dante’s hell - cramped and starving, weltering in Sin. 
And so boldly I have taken action. 
Some will recoil in horror, but all salvation comes at a price. 
One day the world will grasp the beauty of my sacrifice.
Direct your eye right inward,and you'll findA thousand regions in your mindYet undiscovered. 
Travel them, and beExpert in home-cosmography.
A cortesia, assim como as moedas feitas de metal, é reconhecidamente uma moeda falsa. 
Não se deve economizá-la... 
Worship the work not the God, because work is God.
Nemo intrat in caelum nisi per philosophiam
Being someone as not being is worse than being someone as being it.
My words are not the inspiration, I am the inspiration.
One thing I will surely miss is that I couldn't read all the good books in this lifetime.
I am not stopping till my enemies become my friends.
Today the most civilized countries of the world spend a maximum of their income on war and a minimum on education. 
The twenty-first century will reverse this order. 
It will be more glorious to fight against ignorance than to die on the field of battle. 
The discovery of a new scientific truth will be more important than the squabbles of diplomats. 
Historical definition of a country's borders... "...
Nature has placed mankind under the governance of two sovereign masters, pain and pleasure. 
It is for them alone to point out what we ought to do, as well as to determine what we shall do. 
Beauty is more popular than virtues because it is more visible than virtues.
For my success I am immensely grateful to God, my parents, my family, my friends, my teachers and to the books I read.
The government is ethics rape in perpetuity
What is to be, will be, and no prayers of ours can arrest the decree.[Lincoln's maxim and philosophy]
Theories might inspire you, but experiments will advance you.
We must have a new mythology, but it must place itself at the service of ideas, it must become a mythology of reason. 
True freedom is an empty cup, because it can be filled with anything. 
Freedom sounds great, until someone hands it to you, and then it just makes you thirsty. 
If you change who you are to suit other people, you may end up dressed for the wrong occasion
Let us make sure that future generation writes our biography.
People need appreciation from more persons than they need love from one person.
The lesson I learned has been valuable to me thus far: The Emperor knows he is naked. 
Well, Penny, like anything worth writing; it came inexplicably and without method.
I am not stopping till my critics become my fans.
When I see an evil person, I cannot believe that once he was an innocent and sweet baby.
Moderation is the key to old age and the doorway to boredom
Consult your memory to know what matters most in your life.
People are like pickles- some are sour, some are sweet, and some leave a bad taste in your mouth.
I chase goals, not girls.
Intelligence is more important than strength, that is why earth is ruled by men and not by animals.
If you cannot stop yourself from getting angry, then at least get angry about things that matters.
If you adjust first time, compromise second time, failure is what you will get third time.
Real inspiration are not people, but their stories.
Its been enough enjoying now, let's begin achieving.
The Sumerian cuneiform wrote honest history, with no pen, but after the pen was invented, history was corrupted
Don't compete with your friends to win a date with few beautiful girls, but compete to win few beautiful goals.
When a man is at peace he is a man, when angry he is an animal.
Goals doesn't leave you like men, goals wait, they wait for their achievers.
If you could stay as stubborn as when you were a child then you need not to compromise on your dreams.
This is what made the difference, they used social networking for entertainment and I used it for business.
Tension do not want man but man wants tension. 
Tension only exists if you start to think what others think about you when you do any mistake or unprofessional work. 
Back therefore we find ourselves returning. 
Back to the wisdom of the plough; 
back to the wisdom of those who follow the sea. 
It is all a matter of the wheel coming full-circle. 
Sometimes I do face failures, but I don't like failures.
Today more than ever before, its time to go through with life. 
Stop thinking so hard about what it is that you want to do. 
Go out and conquer your dreams! 
Only you can walk your path. 
Remember that inner voice and use it to drive yourself straight to your determined finish line!
Time is but the stream I go a-fishing in. 
I drink at it; 
but while I drink I see the sandy bottom and detect how shallow it is. 
Its thin current slides away, but eternity remains. 
I would drink deeper fish in the sky, whose bottom is pebbly with stars.
We don't like security rules and laws, but without them men will be animals, perhaps the most dangerous animals.
With true love you can win one person, with true passion you can win the world.
His emotions are not for men, they are for his vision.
Whatever begun with planning, ends in a victory.
Consistency simplifies the problem more than hard work of one time because no problem cannot possibly beat you everyday.

The fastest and easiest way to accomplish any task is to do it with minimum breaks and pauses.
There are no boring jobs, only boring men.
Few people when meet first time they feel that meeting each other was the purpose of their life.
On a long enough timeline, the survival rate for everyone drops to zero.
Happiness in life  comes from either a rare gene or fine art impossible to learn by most mankind
Few moments are so special that they should be recognized by special expressions.
Dengarkan sahaya punya cerita. 
Cuma satu yang dikehendaki Allah, Mas Nganten, yaitu supaya orang ini baik. 
Buat itu ada agama. 
Buat itu orang-orang berkiblat kepada-Nya. 
Tapi nyatanya kehendak Allah yang satu itu itu saja tidak seluruhnya terpenuhi. 
Di dunia ini terlalu banyak orang jahat.
This is today! 
What will tomorrow bring? 
Life arrives and departs on its own schedule, not ours; 
it's time to travel light, and be ready to go wherever it takes us.
True love is the language of the Angels
Dance was her style, dance was her fashion.
Hope is one of the illusions of the Human mind
The most beautiful things in life happen, when they are least expected.
Athenian men, I respect and love you,but I shall obey the god rather than you...
All stars fall at some time. But a star is only a tiny spark from the great beacon in the sky.
I wonder whether the Christmas feeling has anything to do with the sixth sense. 
Perhaps we're a little more the angels at Christmas than we are during the rest of the year. 
And Christmas is about all the other senses. I can smell Christmas, I can taste Christmas, and I can see and hear it.
laws are good when the judge stick to it
Write that novel, sail that boat. 
And if you can't, immerse yourself in the fantasy, be the ultimate dabbler, just enjoy what it is you enjoy. 
All the sleepers in a night of delution beholding so many dreams. 
I used to size people up to see whether they were a good advert for meditation. 
Then at some point it clicked that there wasn't a type of person they were going to become. 
They were each just more and more themselves. 
Jim was very Jim, Isaac was unique in his Isaac-ness and Debbie was increasingly Debbie. 
That was a great relief - that I could relax into being Tessa.
He is in no real danger. 
He merely suffers from a lethargy, a sickness that is common among the depressed. 
Masochism is more widespread than we realize because it takes an attenuated form. 
The basic dynamism is as follows: a human being sees something bad which is coming as inevitable. 
There is no way he can halt the process; 
he is helpess. 
This sense of helplessness generates a need to gain some control over the impending pain -- any kind of control will do. 
This makes sense; 
the subjective feeling of helplessness is more painful than the impending misery. 
Justice in life is a mirage, sometimes it can be felt when your cause is of no interest for the elite or others
In modern time.
History is the memory of life
She simply converted an average face into beautiful face and a beautiful face into an angelic face.
The world has seen more believers in times of troubles than in peace and joy.
All religious books are historical records of human efforts to find God;
and its dogmas are to keep common man morally straight.
Success to me is: living life well. 
I do not know by what power I think; 
but well I know that I should never have thought without the assistance of my senses. 
That there are immaterial and intelligent substances I do not at all doubt; 
but that it is impossible for God to communicate the faculty of thinking to matter, I doubt very much. 
I revere the Eternal Power, to which it would ill become me to prescribe bounds. 
I affirm nothing, and am contented to believe that many things are possible than are usually thought so".
A philosopher is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat that isn't there. 
A theologian is the man who finds it.
To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.
If you ask me to tell you anything about the nature of what lies beyond the phaneron… my answer is “How should I know?”… 
An ordinary man gets arrogant with beauty, conceited with knowledge and ruthless with power.
Your shyness alone will bring you more emotional and material losses than all of your other negative attributes.
Only in the circus, life will get better
Politician is the king’s servant who is paid to keep the people quiet
I always win on a solid moral ground , when people deceive me or conspire against me
Nietzsche, an infinitely harder and more courageous intellect, was incapable of any such confusion of ideas; 
he seldom allowed sentimentality to turn him from the glaring fact.
You will have relatively less problems to solve, if you don't confuse problems with inconveniences.
Old ones should respect the energy of youths and youths should respect the experience of old ones.
Liars, hypocrites and mosquitoes destroyed more souls than all the dictators
By doing ordinary actions efficiently you will become the best among ordinary, but you will not be an extraordinary.
Accept the ego of extraordinary people as they have achieved something but don't accept the ego of ordinary people.
Anger is the most effective inspiration.
In religious belief as elsewhere, we must take our chances, recognizing that we could be wrong, dreadfully wrong. 
There are no guarantees; 
the religious life is a venture; 
foolish and debilitating error is a permanent possibility. (If we can be wrong, however, we can also be right.)
The mind and spirit retire when eating or thinking about food
Even if you have achieved everything, there is Perfection, still left to be achieved.
Time, as they say, is the sole determinant of the strength and the weakness.
One must still have chaos within oneself to be able to give birth to a dancing star.
When I sleep tonight I dream of what I will imagine tomorrow.
when somebody plays music, you listen. 
you just follow those sounds, and eventually you understand the music. 
We get swallowed up by the illusion that unless we can find a place to belong, we are going to be all alone in the world.

If you are not good at speeches, be good at your actions.
Life is but a story told at one's funeral
I never encountered any crisis in life, because I solved my problems before they turned into crisis.
Adversity sure does gives you trouble, but it keeps you humble.
True love is the language of the angles
Targets are achieved sooner out of need, than out of greed.
Sense of Logic usually masked by selfishness
Eccentricity of a creative mind may not be pleasing for the people around it, but it is important for the progress.
I take my actions because of my passion not because of compulsion.
Reality is symbolicof an unseen insanity
Remember, before they promoted to the chair of CEO, they were the best employees of their companies.
A certain way to have financial security in life is not enough savings, but enough ability.
Saying "thank you" signifies sense of gratitude, but it also implies your incapability.
There may indeed be more to life than a pot of cheese, a garden, a few friends; 
but these things, at least, may be a pretty good start.
Ability and talent never loose the value, because demand for it highly exceeds the supply of it.
To each his own reality.
All my problems bow before my stubbornness.
Memories make you sentimental, experiences make you smart.
Violence begins with the fork.
A fictional Dystopia is better than a fake Utopia.
Secrets,” Kohler finally said, “are a luxury we can no longer afford.
Evil is never in a rush. 
It creeps up slowly. 
It doesn't hide, but confronts you in broad daylight. 
It gives decades of warnings, even centuries at times. 
Time is never the problem when you battle Evil. The problem is the will to fight it.
Sleeping is terrifying.
Nobody is good or bad. 
They are either strong or weak. 
Strong people stick to their morals, no matter what the trials and tribulations. 
Weak people, many a times, do not even realise how low they have fallen.
You can survive without artistry, but you cannot live without artistry.
What I have come to believe is that joy is the twin sister of gratitude. I am most joyful when I am most grateful.
...
We are supposed to call poison medicine and we wonder why we're always sick.
I don't waste food, water, money, time and talent.
There is a sad disconnectedness that overcomes a library when its owner is gone.
My action is my prayer.
Taking action is the best source of inspiration.
Successful companies are built by investing lare amount of money and hundreds of litres of sweat.
Successful companies are built by investing large amount of money and hundreds of litres of sweat.
Since I see technology as being an extension of the human body, it's inevitable that it should come home to roost.
You have gone through enough theory, now it's time to take actions.
We are musical notes emanating from the quantum string section of a grand symphonic orchestra.
Scientific advancement carries risk,” Kohler argued. “
It always has. 
Space programs, genetic research, medicine—they all make mistakes. 
Science needs to survive its own blunders, at any cost. 
For everyone’s sake.”
Vittoria was amazed at Kohler’s ability to weigh moral issues with scientific detachment. 
His intellect seemed to be the product of an icy divorce from his inner spirit. “
You think CERN is so critical to the earth’s future that we should be immune from moral responsibility?
He who is highly esteemed is not easily conspired against;
That's one benefit of travelling to your own future, and making the trip part of your past.
Light and Dark: each was unaware that the other existed.
Imagination is the other end of Reality.
It is a courage which can find the solution to every problem, not the intelligence.
Believing the phenomenon of karma is placing your destiny in the hands of the devil.
Treat your advices like your money, don't give it to others unless they ask for it.
At one moment, his eyes sparkled in the light and in the next they were enshrouded in shadow.  
What connected those bands of light and dark? Could they indeed have been distinct entities?
Obsession and desperation for your goal, gets you the goal.
क्यों बेमतलब सी बातों मे तुम मतलब ढूँढा करते हो,कुछ बेमतलब सी बातों को बेमतलब ही रहने दो 
All the successful personalities had one common element, they all liked reading books.
Just read one book a month and at the end of they year you would be totally different but an impressive personality.
Sometimes life gives you a second chance, or even two! 
Not always, but sometimes. It’s what you do with those second chances that counts.
I speak less because my words are precious and my advices are priceless.
In business 'professionalism' is not a tactic but a moral value.
Don't overestimate your emotions because emotional injuries can disturb you but it can not defeat you.
I have two enemies in all the world, Two twins, inseparably fused:The hunger of the hungry and the fullness of the full.

Emotional pain, physical damage, financial weakness are the reasons to stop for a while and not forever.
I agree that sometimes it is difficult to choose between right and wrong, but not between right and stupid.
Sorry! But I'm not a game played when ever you want to play it!
Love requires learning to love ourselves in the mirror, and learning to look other people in the eye. 
If you have money but not love you will somehow manage, but if you don't have both then you are in serious trouble.
Apart from the economic value, money does have high moral value.
[On philosophizing] Sometimes you have to talk to find out what you think.
Don't live your life like an attempt, because if you fail there is no second attempt.
You will get your father's wealth one day but not his legacy.
With some money in your pocket you walk confidently, you talk confidently and you work confidently.
Philo of Larisa, head of the Academy in Athens....
Remember, crowd doesn't care about common sense.
There’s no such thing as dark magic, [. . .] Magic is energy. It’s the use to which it’s put that is good or bad.
If a person loves you but doesn't respect you then it can not be a real love. 
It is not possible to love them without respecting them.
Majority wins, but majority is not necessarily right and sometimes majority is awfully wrong.
Someone said to me once that a cigarette at the right moment is better than all the ideals in the world.
If people respect your age and not your personality, then it's time for you to do some urgent introspection.
To keep your conscience at peace and your respect at high, don't follow those orders which make no sense.
Not obedience or feelings or respect, there is only one thing which people take seriously at all time and its "money".
To the issues of friendship, love, business and war, "surprise" is the optimistic solution.
Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.
No kind of social system can make you more happier and secure than your own money.
I don't beg for those things which can be earned.
The real rich people doesn't have bank accounts, they have treasures.
I want people to respect me and not just my position.
I have been loved enough, now I want to be respected.
Redundancy is my favourite business strategy.
You cannot negotiate art.
You need a team for war, not for negotiation.
Frost interviewing Noel Coward and Margaret Mead. 
Sir Noel's view of life is Sir Noel. 
Mead's mind is large and open, like Buckminster Fuller's. 
She found thoughts dull that suggest that men are superior to animals or plants.
Rationality and common sense never goes out of fashion.
Courage is the fairest adornment of youth.
A crude age. 
Peace is stabilized with cannon and bombers, humanity with concentration camps and pogroms. 
We're living in a time when all standards are turned upside-down, Kern. 
Today the aggressor is the shepherd of peace, and the beaten and hunted are the troublemakers of the world. 
What's more, there are whole races who believe it!
Today the aggressor is the shepherd of peace, and the beaten and hunted are the troublemakers of the world. 
What's more, there are whole races who believe it!
If you think rightly, every problem is financial problem or eventually becomes one.
In the business always talk to decision makers only, it will save your time and will get you the deal.
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
If music be the food of love, play on.
Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness.
I was born with music inside me. Music was one of my parts. Like my ribs, my kidneys, my liver, my heart. Like my blood. It was a force already within me when I arrived on the scene. It was a necessity for me-like food or water.
Music doesn't lie. If there is something to be changed in this world, then it can only happen through music.
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent.
Music in the soul can be heard by the universe.
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
Music is everybody's possession. It's only publishers who think that people own it.
I think music in itself is healing. It's an explosive expression of humanity. It's something we are all touched by. No matter what culture we're from, everyone loves music.
Beautiful music is the art of the prophets that can calm the agitations of the soul; it is one of the most magnificent and delightful presents God has given us.
For me, singing sad songs often has a way of healing a situation. It gets the hurt out in the open into the light, out of the darkness.
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy.
In music the passions enjoy themselves.
Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue.
Next to the Word of God, the noble art of music is the greatest treasure in the world.
Music is my religion.
Music washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony.
Music can change the world because it can change people.
Hell is full of musical amateurs.
Music is the shorthand of emotion.
I don't make music for eyes. I make music for ears.
Music is the strongest form of magic.
If you want to make beautiful music, you must play the black and the white notes together.
There are more love songs than anything else. If songs could make you do something we'd all love one another.
You are the music while the music lasts.
Music, in performance, is a type of sculpture. The air in the performance is sculpted into something.
If you look deep enough you will see music; the heart of nature being everywhere music.
Music is well said to be the speech of angels.
Where words fail, music speaks.
All good music resembles something. Good music stirs by its mysterious resemblance to the objects and feelings which motivated it.
I've said that playing the blues is like having to be black twice. Stevie Ray Vaughan missed on both counts, but I never noticed.
Music is forever; music should grow and mature with you, following you right on up until you die.
I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to.
Music is moonlight in the gloomy night of life.
Music happens to be an art form that transcends language.
Music when healthy, is the teacher of perfect order, and when depraved, the teacher of perfect disorder.
If a composer could say what he had to say in words he would not bother trying to say it in music.
Music is the fourth great material want, first food, then clothes, then shelter, then music.
Music has charms to sooth a savage breast, to soften rocks, or bend a knotted oak.
There's nothing like music to relieve the soul and uplift it.
All music is beautiful.
Music is nothing else but wild sounds civilized into time and tune.
Music is very spiritual, it has the power to bring people together.
I think its so cool that you can pick up the guitar and create something that didn't exist 5 minutes ago. You can write something that no ones ever heard before. You have music at your fingertips.
But when you get music and words together, that can be a very powerful thing.
The wise musicians are those who play what they can master.
When words leave off, music begins.
No good opera plot can be sensible, for people do not sing when they are feeling sensible.
It was my 16th birthday - my mom and dad gave me my Goya classical guitar that day. I sat down, wrote this song, and I just knew that that was the only thing I could ever really do - write songs and sing them to people.
Classical music is the kind we keep thinking will turn into a tune.
Music is love in search of a word.
Music is the best means we have of digesting time.
Music is the divine way to tell beautiful, poetic things to the heart.
Who hears music feels his solitude peopled at once.
You can't stay the same. If you're a musician and a singer, you have to change, that's the way it works.
I don't care much about music. What I like is sounds.
The iPod completely changed the way people approach music.
My music had roots which I'd dug up from my own childhood, musical roots buried in the darkest soil.
He has Van Gogh's ear for music.
Music is intended and designed for sentient beings that have hopes and purposes and emotions.
Music should be your escape.
The real art of conducting consists in transitions.
Everywhere in the world, music enhances a hall, with one exception: Carnegie Hall enhances the music.
The advice I am giving always to all my students is above all to study the music profoundly... music is like the ocean, and the instruments are little or bigger islands, very beautiful for the flowers and trees.
Any good music must be an innovation.
I think often sadness is a great place to get songs from.
I've never missed a gig yet. Music makes people happy, and that's why I go on doing it - I like to see everybody smile.
I asked my daughter when she was 16, What's the buzz on the street with the kids? She's going, to be honest, Dad, most of my friends aren't into Kiss. But they've all been told that it's the greatest show on Earth.
Composers shouldn't think too much - it interferes with their plagiarism.
Music is the soul of language.
I wake up in the morning, I do a little stretching exercises, pick up the horn and play.
Music is always changing and the changes are unpredictable.
I see music as fluid architecture.
That was when I realised that music is the most profound, magical form of communication there is.
My father used to sing to me in my mother's womb. I think I can name about any tune in two beats.
Long intros are cool because there's a little bit of anticipation, you know?
Music is only love looking for words.
It is essential to do everything possible to attract young people to opera so they can see that it is not some antiquated art form but a repository of the most glorious music and drama that man has created.
True music must repeat the thought and inspirations of the people and the time.
Secretly, I wanted to look like Jimi Hendrix, but I could never quite pull it off.
There's a lot of music that sounds like it's literally computer-generated, totally divorced from a guy sitting down at an instrument.
You can never get silence anywhere nowadays, have you noticed?
I was growing up listening to Queen. Freddie Mercury threw those incredible melodies into his songs.
We all love musical architecture; there's no doubt about that.
It's amazing to hear, as a voice matures and then starts to decline, what kind of emotion is still conveyed by a really good vocalist.
Music is a performance and needs the audience.
I look at you and I write down what I hear.
My music, my songs are 100 percent inspired by girl power.
You know, all my songs are relatives, brothers, sisters, cousins.
Sometimes before we make a record I go back and listen to a few. It's equally humbling and uplifting.
Times were changing. Clothes were changing. Morals were changing. We went from romantic loves songs like I used to do to rock 'n roll. Now that has changed to rap. So, there's always a new generation with new music.
The people who know nothing about music are the ones always talking about it.
Writing about music is like dancing about architecture.
Music's not like becoming a doctor, who can walk into a community and find people who need him.
Although I am basically self taught, I consider Debussy my teacher - the most important elements are colour, light and shadow.
Music's staying power is a function of how timeless the lyrics, song and production are.
If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.
Music is love, love is music, music is life, and I love my life. Thank you and good night.
Rock and roll music, if you like it, if you feel it, you can't help but move to it. That's what happens to me. I can't help it.'
There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats.
He who joyfully marches to music in rank and file has already earned my contempt. He has been given a large brain by mistake, since for him the spinal cord would suffice.
Musicians don't retire; they stop when there's no more music in them.
My music will go on forever. Maybe it's a fool say that, but when me know facts me can say facts. My music will go on forever.
It requires wisdom to understand wisdom: the music is nothing if the audience is deaf.
Sometimes I feel like rap music is almost the key to stopping racism.
The man that hath no music in himself, Nor is not moved with concord of sweet sounds, is fit for treasons, stratagems and spoils.
Love is a friendship set to music.
Close friends contribute to our personal growth. They also contribute to our personal pleasure, making the music sound sweeter, the wine taste richer, the laughter ring louder because they are there.
Life is one grand, sweet song, so start the music.
Some people ask the secret of our long marriage. We take time to go to a restaurant two times a week. A little candlelight, dinner, soft music and dancing. She goes Tuesdays, I go Fridays.
Every man's work, whether it be literature, or music or pictures or architecture or anything else, is always a portrait of himself.
By reading the scriptures I am so renewed that all nature seems renewed around me and with me. The sky seems to be a pure, a cooler blue, the trees a deeper green. The whole world is charged with the glory of God and I feel fire and music under my feet.
There is geometry in the humming of the strings, there is music in the spacing of the spheres.
Music is the one incorporeal entrance into the higher world of knowledge which comprehends mankind but which mankind cannot comprehend.
The aim and final end of all music should be none other than the glory of God and the refreshment of the soul.
Music is a safe kind of high.
A film is - or should be - more like music than like fiction. It should be a progression of moods and feelings. The theme, what's behind the emotion, the meaning, all that comes later.
The true beauty of music is that it connects people. It carries a message, and we, the musicians, are the messengers.
Music is what I breath, what I love to do. It keeps me alive.
I'm kind of a good girl - and I'm not. I'm a good girl because I really believe in love, integrity, and respect. I'm a bad girl because I like to tease. I know that I have sex appeal in my deck of cards. But I like to get people thinking. That's what the stories in my music do.
Music, at its essence, is what gives us memories. And the longer a song has existed in our lives, the more memories we have of it.
My music fights against the system that teaches to live and die.
If people take anything from my music, it should be motivation to know that anything is possible as long as you keep working at it and don't back down.
Some people create with words or with music or with a brush and paints. I like to make something beautiful when I run. I like to make people stop and say, 'I've never seen anyone run like that before.' It's more than just a race, it's a style. It's doing something better than anyone else. It's being creative.
Great art is as irrational as great music. It is mad with its own loveliness.
I didn't have nothin' going for me... school, home... until I found something I loved, which was music, and that changed everything.
Nothing separates the generations more than music. By the time a child is eight or nine, he has developed a passion for his own music that is even stronger than his passions for procrastination and weird clothes.
Music should strike fire from the heart of man, and bring tears form the eyes of woman.
Music has healing power. It has the ability to take people out of themselves for a few hours.
When I hear music, I fear no danger. I am invulnerable. I see no foe. I am related to the earliest times, and to the latest.
I need drama in my life to keep making music.
I call architecture frozen music.
When I die, I want people to play my music, go wild and freak out and do anything they want to do.
Music is the mediator between the spiritual and the sensual life.
Find a beautiful piece of art. If you fall in love with Van Gogh or Matisse or John Oliver Killens, or if you fall love with the music of Coltrane, the music of Aretha Franklin, or the music of Chopin - find some beautiful art and admire it, and realize that that was created by human beings just like you, no more human, no less.
Personally, I just think rap music is the best thing out there, period. If you look at my deck in my car radio, you're always going to find a hip-hop tape; that's all I buy, that's all I live, that's all I listen to, that's all I love.
Of emotions, of love, of breakup, of love and hate and death and dying, mama, apple pie, and the whole thing. It covers a lot of territory, country music does.
Without music to decorate it, time is just a bunch of boring production deadlines or dates by which bills must be paid.
I have a sweet tooth for song and music. This is my Polish sin.
What is a poet? An unhappy person who conceals profound anguish in his heart but whose lips are so formed that as sighs and cries pass over them they sound like beautiful music.
I mean, just because you're a musician doesn't mean all your ideas are about music. So every once in a while I get an idea about plumbing, I get an idea about city government, and they come the way they come.
Music is the voice that tells us that the human race is greater than it knows.
I'm a visual thinker, really bad at algebra. There's others that are a pattern thinker. These are the music and math minds. They think in patterns instead of pictures. Then there's another type that's not a visual thinker at all, and they're the ones that memorize all of the sports statistics, all of the weather statistics.
Music is therapy. Music moves people. It connects people in ways that no other medium can. It pulls heart strings. It acts as medicine.
If you don't know the blues... there's no point in picking up the guitar and playing rock and roll or any other form of popular music.
A musician must make music, an artist must paint, a poet must write, if he is to be ultimately at peace with himself.
Teens think listening to music helps them concentrate. It doesn't. It relieves them of the boredom that concentration on homework induces.
As you begin to realize that every different type of music, everybody's individual music, has its own rhythm, life, language and heritage, you realize how life changes, and you learn how to be more open and adaptive to what is around us.
There is two kinds of music, the good, and the bad. I play the good kind.
My heart, which is so full to overflowing, has often been solaced and refreshed by music when sick and weary.
Develop an interest in life as you see it; the people, things, literature, music - the world is so rich, simply throbbing with rich treasures, beautiful souls and interesting people. Forget yourself.
All music is folk music. I ain't never heard a horse sing a song.
I believe it is in my nature to dance by virtue of the beat of my heart, the pulse of my blood and the music in my mind.
Music is so therapeutic for me that if I can't get it out, I start feeling bad about myself - a lot of self-loathing.
I have to admit I've found myself doing the same things that a lot of other rock stars do or are forced to do. Which is not being able to respond to mail, not being able to keep up on current music, and I'm pretty much locked away a lot. The outside world is pretty foreign to me.
Yes, the Bible should be taught in our schools because it is necessary to understand the Bible if we are to truly understand our own culture and how it came to be. The Bible has influenced every part of western culture from our art, music, and history, to our sense of fairness, charity, and business.
All that stuff about heavy metal and hard rock, I don't subscribe to any of that. It's all just music. I mean, the heavy metal from the Seventies sounds nothing like the stuff from the Eighties, and that sounds nothing like the stuff from the Nineties. Who's to say what is and isn't a certain type of music?
Music is not math. It's science. You keep mixing the stuff up until it blows up on you, or it becomes this incredible potion.
We are at a crossroads in the music business: with the rise of the internet, the world we live in has changed, and the past is not coming back. But I see the glass as half-full: the internet and social networking are new avenues for the next Bob Dylan to be born on.
This will be our reply to violence: to make music more intensely, more beautifully, more devotedly than ever before.
I haven't understood a bar of music in my life, but I have felt it.
Music makes us want to live. You don't know how many times people have told me that they'd been down and depressed and just wanted to die. But then a special song caught their ear and that helped give them renewed strength. That's the power music has.
A lot of people ask me, 'How did you have the courage to walk up to record labels when you were 12 or 13 and jump right into the music industry?' It's because I knew I could never feel the kind of rejection that I felt in middle school. Because in the music industry, if they're gonna say no to you, at least they're gonna be polite about it.
I get mad. I get sad. I have all those emotions. But I just like to keep them to myself. I don't think my fans need to be bothered with if I'm mad or sad about something. I should just be concerned that they are keeping up with my music or I'm making them happy with my show.
This land is your land and this land is my land, sure, but the world is run by those that never listen to music anyway.
If you want to be a rock star or just be famous, then run down the street naked, you'll make the news or something. But if you want music to be your livelihood, then play, play, play and play! And eventually you'll get to where you want to be.
Writing has laws of perspective, of light and shade just as painting does, or music. If you are born knowing them, fine. If not, learn them. Then rearrange the rules to suit yourself.
Music drives you. It wakes you up, it gets you pumping. And, at the end of the day, the correct tune will chill you down.
There is this tremendous amount of arrogance and hubris, where somebody can look at something for five minutes and dismiss it. Whether you talk about gaming or 20th century classical music, you can't do it in five minutes. You can't listen to 'The Rite of Spring' once and understand what Stravinsky was all about.
Music is the art of the prophets and the gift of God.
Many people die with their music still in them. Why is this so? Too often it is because they are always getting ready to live. Before they know it, time runs out.
My body is damaged from music in two ways. I have a red irritation in my stomach. It's psychosomatic, caused by all the anger and the screaming. I have scoliosis, where the curvature of your spine is bent, and the weight of my guitar has made it worse. I'm always in pain, and that adds to the anger in our music.
If you talk bad about country music, it's like saying bad things about my momma. Them's fightin' words.
Music is your own experience, your own thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn. They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art.
Australia is so cool that it's hard to even know where to start describing it. The beaches are beautiful; so is the weather. Not too crowded. Great food, great music, really nice people. It must be a lot like Los Angeles was many years ago.
I think everybody can agree that you can hear a certain song and it will put you in a certain mood, and that's just the beauty of music and I am so inspired by that.
My loathings are simple: stupidity, oppression, crime, cruelty, soft music.
I don't need a holiday or a feast to feel grateful for my children, the sun, the moon, the roof over my head, music, and laughter, but I like to take this time to take the path of thanks less traveled.
Leaders must encourage their organizations to dance to forms of music yet to be heard.
Music is the silence between the notes.
I just want to make music, I don't want people to talk about me. All I've ever wanted to do was sing. I don't want to be a celebrity. I don't want to be in people's faces, you know, constantly on covers of magazine that I haven't even known I'm on.
Cinematography is infinite in its possibilities... much more so than music or language.
Remember the first time you went to a show and saw your favorite band. You wore their shirt, and sang every word. You didn't know anything about scene politics, haircuts, or what was cool. All you knew was that this music made you feel different from anyone you shared a locker with. Someone finally understood you. This is what music is about.
I have never denied my background or my culture. I have taught my child to embrace her Mexican heritage, to love my first language, Spanish, to learn about Mexican history, music, folk art, food, and even the Mexican candy I grew up with.
Music is an agreeable harmony for the honor of God and the permissible delights of the soul.
Look at a football field. It looks like a big movie screen. This is theatre. Football combines the strategy of chess. It's part ballet. It's part battleground, part playground. We clarify, amplify and glorify the game with our footage, the narration and that music, and in the end create an inspirational piece of footage.
If being an egomaniac means I believe in what I do and in my art or music, then in that respect you can call me that... I believe in what I do, and I'll say it.
It is piracy, not overt online music stores, which is our main competitor.
A good compromise, a good piece of legislation, is like a good sentence; or a good piece of music. Everybody can recognize it. They say, 'Huh. It works. It makes sense.'
Dre was one of my heros in the music industry. If he's not down for his homeboys, I don't wanna be a part of him or around him.
Rap music is the only vital form of music introduced since punk rock.
Most people live and die with their music still unplayed. They never dare to try.
Develop interest in life as you see it; in people, things, literature, music - the world is so rich, simply throbbing with rich treasures, beautiful souls and interesting people. Forget yourself.
I don't know why, it's the same reason why you like some music and you don't like others. There's something about it that you like. Ultimately I don't find it's in my best interests to try and analyze it, since it's fundamentally emotional.
For I have learned to look on nature, not as in the hour of thoughtless youth, but hearing oftentimes the still, sad music of humanity.
People haven't always been there for me, but music always has.
Music is the universal language of mankind.
Nevertheless the passions, whether violent or not, should never be so expressed as to reach the point of causing disgust; and music, even in situations of the greatest horror, should never be painful to the ear but should flatter and charm it, and thereby always remain music.
Punk is not just the sound, the music. Punk is a lifestyle.
I think it's a shame when you come across young actors and musicians who haven't had the time to learn their craft. It doesn't matter if it's acting or music; you really have to learn how to do it from the bottom up because unless you have a great work ethic... fame is a terrible thing to have.
The dance can reveal everything mysterious that is hidden in music, and it has the additional merit of being human and palpable. Dancing is poetry with arms and legs.
Music rhythms are mathematical patterns. When you hear a song and your body starts moving with it, your body is doing math. The kids in their parents' garage practicing to be a band may not realize it, but they're also practicing math.
Reggae, oh man. It's the ultimate music. The positivity. The musicality. The whole cultural expressionism of it. The danceability. Just the cool factor. The melody factor. Some of it comes from a religious place. If there were a competition of who makes the best religious music, it would definitely be the Rastafarian reggae.
If I had to play only for people who liked the music because they heard it on the radio, it wouldn't make me happy. That's why I'm working so hard to have, yes, a profile as an artist, but also a profile as a DJ.
Like all music, the figured bass should have no other end and aim than the glory of God and the recreation of the soul; where this is not kept in mind there is no true music, but only an infernal clamour and ranting.
If Antarctica were music it would be Mozart. Art, and it would be Michelangelo. Literature, and it would be Shakespeare. And yet it is something even greater; the only place on earth that is still as it should be. May we never tame it.
I could compare my music to white light which contains all colours. Only a prism can divide the colours and make them appear; this prism could be the spirit of the listener.
If one plays good music, people don't listen and if one plays bad music people don't talk.
When you work you are a flute through whose heart the whispering of the hours turns to music. Which of you would be a reed, dumb and silent, when all else sings together in unison?
Most people wouldn't know music if it came up and bit them on the ass.
I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a person's day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something.
To me, the greatest pleasure of writing is not what it's about, but the inner music that words make.
Music is about listening, the more you play, the more the magic spreads.
When I listen to music these days, and I hear Pro Tools and drums that sound like a machine - it kinda sucks the life out of music.
I love music of all kinds, but there's no greater music than the sound of my grandchildren laughing; my kids, too.
Like music and art, love of nature is a common language that can transcend political or social boundaries.
The spiral in a snail's shell is the same mathematically as the spiral in the Milky Way galaxy, and it's also the same mathematically as the spirals in our DNA. It's the same ratio that you'll find in very basic music that transcends cultures all over the world.
Distance doesn't exist, in fact, and neither does time. Vibrations from love or music can be felt everywhere, at all times.
Actors are agents of change. A film, a piece of theater, a piece of music, or a book can make a difference. It can change the world.
I think the most important thing about music is the sense of escape.
Music, Rock and Roll music especially, is such a generational thing. Each generation must have their own music, I had my own in my generation, you have yours, everyone I know has their own generation.
I am trying to walk a tightrope; trying to keep the DJ community happy while trying to spread the message about dance music to more people. That is the mission that I am on.
Poetry and music are very good friends. Like mommies and daddies and strawberries and cream - they go together.
There's something missing in the music industry today... and it's music. Songs you hear don't last, it's just product fed to you by the industry.
I realized that it's all really one, that John Lennon was correct. We utilize the music to bring down the walls of Berlin, to bring up the force of compassion and forgiveness and kindness between Palestines, Hebrews. Bring down the walls here in San Diego, Tijuana, Cuba.
People always accuse me of being motivational in a way, like it was a bad thing, but that's just how I was raised. My mom raised me in a positive environment, with lots of love in my heart, and that reflects in my music.
But for the children of the poorest people we're stripping the curriculum, removing the arts and music, and drilling the children into useful labor. We're not valuing a child for the time in which she actually is a child.
Reggae has a philosophy, you know? It's not just entertainment. There's an idea behind it, a way of life behind the music, which is a positive way of life, which is a progressive way of life for better people.
Truly fertile Music, the only kind that will move us, that we shall truly appreciate, will be a Music conducive to Dream, which banishes all reason and analysis. One must not wish first to understand and then to feel. Art does not tolerate Reason.
Military justice is to justice what military music is to music.
I don't like country music, but I don't mean to denigrate those who do. And for the people who like country music, denigrate means 'put down'.
Back then people closed their eyes and listened to music. Today there's a lot of images that go with the music. A lot of music is crap and it's all commercial and the images are all trying to sell the record.
I get bored easily, so I need to do a lot. I've started a record label, so I get to nurture new talent and talk about music, which is a passion of mine. I've written another book. And I get to come to work and do the TV show, which is always really fun.
Those who have virtue always in their mouths, and neglect it in practice, are like a harp, which emits a sound pleasing to others, while itself is insensible of the music.
On the other hand, what I like my music to do to me is awaken the ghosts inside of me. Not the demons, you understand, but the ghosts.
I feel like my music has become a lot of things. It's hard to label the evolution, but I like there to be an evolution. I just like to paint with all different kinds of colors.
Music is the wine which inspires one to new generative processes, and I am Bacchus who presses out this glorious wine for mankind and makes them spiritually drunken.
Music is mediator between spiritual and sensual life.
I love music passionately. And because I love it I try to free it from barren traditions that stifle it.
A jazz musician can improvise based on his knowledge of music. He understands how things go together. For a chef, once you have that basis, that's when cuisine is truly exciting.
Music can name the unnameable and communicate the unknowable.
Together with a culture of work, there must be a culture of leisure as gratification. To put it another way: people who work must take the time to relax, to be with their families, to enjoy themselves, read, listen to music, play a sport.
Blues and soul and jazz music has so much pain, so much beauty of raw emotion and passion.
If I was just a fan of music, I would think that I was the number one artist in the world.
That's why this generation is the least racist generation ever. You see it all the time. Go to any club. People are intermingling, hanging out, having fun, enjoying the same music. Hip-hop is not just in the Bronx anymore. It's worldwide. Everywhere you go, people are listening to hip-hop and partying together. Hip-hop has done that.
Soul music is about longevity and reaching and touching people on a human level - and that's never going to get lost.
People think our music's very aggressive or angry or whatever, and it's just the opposite, really... I like laughing. And I like being really calm before a show, and smiley.
I try to apply colors like words that shape poems, like notes that shape music.
Hawaii is paradise. It sounds cheesy to say it, but there's music in the air there.
In the United States, we spend millions of dollars on sports because it promotes teamwork, discipline, and the experience of learning to make great progress in small increments. Learning to play music does all this and more.
I will never forget experiencing Venice for the first time. It feels like you are transported to another time - the art, music, food and pure romance in the air is like no other place.
Clothes are like a good meal, a good movie, great pieces of music.
I don't live for the accolades. I'm more so about the music. Making it, and putting it out. Those are the two best feelings.
Lend your ears to music, open your eyes to painting, and... stop thinking! Just ask yourself whether the work has enabled you to 'walk about' into a hitherto unknown world. If the answer is yes, what more do you want?
Music inflames temperament.
For the introduction of a new kind of music must be shunned as imperiling the whole state; since styles of music are never disturbed without affecting the most important political institutions.
The reflection of the world is blues, that's where that part of the music is at. Then you got this other kind of music that's tryin' to come around.
Music is either sacred or secular. The sacred agrees with its dignity, and here has its greatest effect on life, an effect that remains the same through all ages and epochs. Secular music should be cheerful throughout.
Music fills the infinite between two souls.
Music is always a commentary on society.
In memory everything seems to happen to music.
Life is like music; it must be composed by ear, feeling, and instinct, not by rule.
Honestly, I don't listen to nobody else's music but my own. It's kind of like sports to me. You don't see Kobe Bryant at a LeBron James game - he just works on his own game. And that's what I do. I only listen to me, so I can criticize and analyze and all those things.
For me, great music doesn't just have to fall into one category or one genre and I love appreciating all kinds of music.
My definition of country music is really pretty simple. It's when someone sings about their life and what they know, from an authentic place.
I just hope that our fans are people who are inspired by music, and just use our music as a background or inspiration for whatever it is they do.
People like music when they're in love, but they don't need it as much. You need music when you're missing someone or you're pining for someone or you're forgetting someone or you're trying to process what just happened.
Some people create with words or with music or with a brush and paints. I like to make something beautiful when I run. I like to make people stop and say, 'I've never seen anyone run like that before.' It's more than just a race, it's style. It's doing something better than anyone else. It's being creative.
One of the interesting things here is that the people who should be shaping the future are politicians. But the political framework itself is so dead and closed that people look to other sources, like artists, because art and music allow people a certain freedom.
A painter paints his pictures on canvas. But musicians paint their pictures on silence. We provide the music, and you provide the silence.
Music should probably provide answers in terms of lyrical content, and giving people a sense of togetherness and oneness, as opposed to being alone in their thoughts and dilemmas or regrets or happiness or whatever.
There is pleasure in the pathless woods, there is rapture in the lonely shore, there is society where none intrudes, by the deep sea, and music in its roar; I love not Man the less, but Nature more.
If you pour some music on whatever's wrong, it'll sure help out.
Music - that's been my education. There's not a day that goes by that I take it for granted.
I learnt a whole lot from my mother. About music, relationships, being a good person, loving people, the whole of life. I learnt about everything from her. Every single day I think about her. All through the day.
It was Elvis who really got me hooked on beat music. When I heard 'Heartbreak Hotel' I thought, this is it.
Hunting, fishing, drawing, and music occupied my every moment. Cares I knew not, and cared naught about them.
The basis of our partnership strategy and our partnership approach: We build the social technology. They provide the music.
Racism is taught in the home. We agree on that? Well, it's very hard to teach racism to a teenager who's listening to rap music and who idolizes, say, Snoop Dogg. It's hard to say, 'That guy is less than you.' The kid is like, 'I like that guy, he's cool. How is he less than me?
Musically, New York is a big influence on me. Walk down the street for five minutes and you'll hear homeless punk rockers, people playing Caribbean music and reggae, sacred Islamic music and Latino music, so many different types of music.
Pop changes week to week, month to month. But great music is like literature.
Though everything else may appear shallow and repulsive, even the smallest task in music is so absorbing, and carries us so far away from town, country, earth, and all worldly things, that it is truly a blessed gift of God.
The Italians and Spanish, the Chinese and Vietnamese see food as part of a larger, more essential and pleasurable part of daily life. Not as an experience to be collected or bragged about - or as a ritual like filling up a car - but as something else that gives pleasure, like sex or music, or a good nap in the afternoon.
I think one of my favorite things to do is just lock myself up in a small room and listen to music and watch films for a day. Also I just like seeing my friends. We have pizza parties which means I get four friends round, we eat a pizza and we're really lazy and we play PlayStation.
The absolute transformation of everything that we ever thought about music will take place within 10 years, and nothing is going to be able to stop it. I see absolutely no point in pretending that it's not going to happen. I'm fully confident that copyright, for instance, will no longer exist in 10 years.
No two people on earth are alike, and it's got to be that way in music or it isn't music.
Disco is the first technology music. And what I mean is that 'disco' music is named after discs, because when technology grew to where they didn't need a band in the clubs, the DJ played it on a disc.
Music and the music business are two different things.
I think it's a very important collaboration between the conductor and the orchestra - especially when the conductor is one more member of the orchestra in the way that you are leading, but also respecting, feeling and building the same way for all the players to understand the music.
As long as my music is real, it's no limit to how many ears I can grab.
Music is the expression of the movement of the waters, the play of curves described by changing breezes.
I consider music to be storytelling, melody and rhythm. A lot of hip-hop has broken music down. There are no instruments and no songwriting. So you're left with just storytelling and rhythm. And the storytelling can be so braggadocious, you're just left with rhythm.
If you are a chef, no matter how good a chef you are, it's not good cooking for yourself; the joy is in cooking for others - it's the same with music.
My whole thing is just to put out positive messages in the music, give people something that can change their lives.
When I tell children that they are far too dependent on their gizmos, they do not deny it. But they really don't care. This is their real life - texting about trivial things; listening to numbing music on their private headphones. The machines block everything out - you create your own little trivial world.
I've dreamed about doing music since I was three or four years old.
Music is my life. I love doing it, so I just do it nonstop all day. And with dancing, I wanted to put on a show for people. I don't want to just be sitting there doing nothing, so that's when I started to dance.
As an architect, you have to provide a shelter to enjoy art. And you have to love art. It's like when you make a concert hall. You must love music. This is the reason why you make the space, to enjoy music - making a space for art is the same thing.
I think music is one of the hero/sheroes of the African-American existence.
I wanted to be in a punk band before I had even heard any punk music.
People today are still living off the table scraps of the sixties. They are still being passed around - the music and the ideas.
Talking about music is like dancing about architecture.
Music is the best way for me to say I love you.
I want my fans to love themselves. It's almost like I want to hypnotize them so when they hear my music they love themselves instantly.
Hip-Hop isn't just music, it is also a spiritual movement of the blacks! You can't just call Hip-Hop a trend!
Music is the pleasure the human mind experiences from counting without being aware that it is counting.
Good music comes out of people playing together, knowing what they want to do and going for it. You have to sweat over it and bug it to death. You can't do it by pushing buttons and watching a TV screen.
Music begins to atrophy when it departs too far from the dance... poetry begins to atrophy when it gets too far from music.
The bass, no matter what kind of music you're playing, it just enhances the sound and makes everything sound more beautiful and full. When the bass stops, the bottom kind of drops out of everything.
When I was a teenager, I began to settle into school because I'd discovered the extracurricular activities that interested me: music and theater.
Those who seek to satisfy the mind of man by hampering it with ceremonies and music and affecting charity and devotion have lost their original nature.
I think wherever you go, when people hear good music, they will react to it.
Music has the power to make me feel good like nothing else does. It gives me some peace for a while. Takes me back to who I really am.
Beethoven can write music, thank God, but he can do nothing else on earth.
As a kid, I was into music, played guitar in a band. Then I started acting in plays in junior high school and just got lost in the puzzle of acting, the magic of it. I think it was an escape for me.
Those who decide to use leisure as a means of mental development, who love good music, good books, good pictures, good plays, good company, good conversation - what are they? They are the happiest people in the world.
A lot of music is mathematics. It's balance.
Life is like music, it must be composed by ear, feeling and instinct, not by rule. Nevertheless one had better know the rules, for they sometimes guide in doubtful cases, though not often.
I sought my father in the world of the black musician, because it contained wisdom, experience, sadness and loneliness. I was not ever interested in the music of boys. From my youngest years, I was interested in the music of men.
So long as the human spirit thrives on this planet, music in some living form will accompany and sustain it and give it expressive meaning.
The trouble with music appreciation in general is that people are taught to have too much respect for music they should be taught to love it instead.
If you don't die of thirst, there are blessings in the desert. You can be pulled into limitlessness, which we all yearn for, or you can do the beauty of minutiae, the scrimshaw of tiny and precise. The sky is your ocean, and the crystal silence will uplift you like great gospel music, or Neil Young.
The best music is essentially there to provide you something to face the world with.
Music itself is going to become like running water or electricity. So it's like, just take advantage of these last few years because none of this is ever going to happen again. You'd better be prepared for doing a lot of touring because that's really the only unique situation that's going to be left.
Music is sunshine. Like sunshine, music is a powerful force that can instantly and almost chemically change your entire mood. Music gives us new energy and a stronger sense of purpose.
I know what I've done for music, but don't call me a legend. Just call me Miles Davis.
Singing is just a feeling set to music.
I've always wanted to be a DJ so I could play the music I love for other people. That feeling hasn't changed, but my sets are always evolving. In terms of tailoring to a specific crowd, certainly I do play differently depending on the situation. It's a different feel, for example, in a small club versus a festival.
I realised a long time ago that instrumental music speaks a lot more clearly than English, Spanish, Yiddish, Swahili, any other language. Pure melody goes outside time.
Music is like girlfriends to me; I'm continually astonished by the choices other people make.
If you copy, it means you're working without any real feeling. No two people on earth are alike, and it's got to be that way in music or it isn't music.
Thank you so much for supporting me from the day I stepped foot into the music industry. It really means something to me to have Maya Angelou speak on my behalf. It also means a lot to have Oprah on my speed dial!
Realistically, English is a universal language; it's the number one language for music and for communicating with the rest of the world.
I find Indian music very funky. I mean it's very soulful, with their own kind of blues. But it's the only other school on the planet that develops improvisation to the high degree that you find in jazz music. So we have a lot of common ground.
I quit high school on my birthday. It was my senior year and I didn't see the point. This was 1962, and I was ready to make music.
Reggae music is not an easy music to like when it comes to the power in society. 'Cause it talks about changing society. You won't find it readily accepted.
It is better to make a piece of music than to perform one, better to perform one than to listen to one, better to listen to one than to misuse it as a means of distraction, entertainment, or acquisition of 'culture.'
I don't even know what words to use to talk about the music industry anymore. But the business has changed a lot - the methods of releasing music.
If anyone asks you what kind of music you play, tell him 'pop.' Don't tell him 'rock'n'roll' or they won't even let you in the hotel.
It's funny how the music industry is enraged about the Internet and the way things are copied without being paid for. But you know why people steal the music? Because they can't afford the music.
Music washes away the dust of every day life.
Music is the arithmetic of sounds as optics is the geometry of light.
Hip-hop and electronic music are so similar, in the fact that they're both very visceral, have so much bass; a lot of times, it's the same tempos. The culture and some of the sound design is different but a lot of times, it's the same stuff.
Music is really driving my whole life.
Motown was about music for all people - white and black, blue and green, cops and the robbers. I was reluctant to have our music alienate anyone.
With few exceptions, music has been for some centuries the art which has devoted itself not to the reproduction of natural phenomena, but rather to the expression of the artist's soul, in musical sound.
A painter, who finds no satisfaction in mere representation, however artistic, in his longing to express his inner life, cannot but envy the ease with which music, the most non-material of the arts today, achieves this end. He naturally seeks to apply the methods of music to his own art.
Jazz music is to be played sweet, soft, plenty rhythm.
When I first began choreographing, I never thought of it as choreography but as expressing feelings. Though every piece is different, they are all trying to get at certain things that are difficult to put into words. In the work, everything belongs to everything else - the music, the set, the movement and whatever is said.
Philosophy is the highest music.
My goal is to be one with the music. I just dedicate my whole life to this art.
Music makes me high on stage, and that's the truth. It's like being almost addicted to music.
I worked hard all my life as far as this music business. I dreamed of the day when I could go to New York and feel comfortable and they could come out here and be comfortable.
All the good music has already been written by people with wigs and stuff.
Music with dinner is an insult both to the cook and the violinist.
I like having my hair and face done, but I'm not going to lose weight because someone tells me to. I make music to be a musician not to be on the cover of Playboy.
If I'd had good discipline, I might have gone into music.
A few can touch the magic string, and noisy fame is proud to win them: Alas for those that never sing, but die with all their music in them!
If the king loves music, there is little wrong in the land.
I love music. It's freedom, a way to deal with pent-up frustration.
I would love to continue in music, with writing... but I am not the kind of person who will hang around if I start to become irrelevant. If that happens, I will bow down gracefully, raise my kids, and have a garden. And I am going to let my hair go gray when I am older. I don't need to be blonde when I'm 60!
All I do is play music and golf - which one do you want me to give up?
The music is all. People should die for it. People are dying for everything else, so why not the music?
I love to play music. So why endanger that with something like drugs?
I would love to sign on to do a movie if it was the right role and if it was the right script, because I would be taking time away from music to tell a big grand story, and spend all of my time and pouring all of my emotions into being someone else. So for me to do that, it would have to be a story worth telling.
I've always felt music is the only way to give an instantaneous moment the feel of slow motion. To romanticise it and glorify it and give it a soundtrack and a rhythm.
What annoys the hell out of me is the arrogance of some people. They don't even listen to our music, they decided in advance that they don't like it.
Music is the doorway that has led me to drawing, photography, and writing.
There's a great enthusiasm for good country music all over the world.
I am happy to make money. I want to make more money, make more music, eat Big Macs and drink Budweisers.
A lot of country music is sad. I think most art comes out of poverty and hard times. It applies to music. Three chords and the truth - that's what a country song is. There is a lot of heartache in the world.
I happened to come along in the music business when there was no trend.
When music fails to agree to the ear, to soothe the ear and the heart and the senses, then it has missed the point.
At the age when Bengali youth almost inevitably writes poetry, I was listening to European classical music.
Music is probably the only real magic I have encountered in my life. There's not some trick involved with it. It's pure and it's real. It moves, it heals, it communicates and does all these incredible things.
Singing is a way of releasing an emotion that you sometimes can't portray when you're acting. And music moves your soul, so music is the source of the most intense emotions you can feel. When you hear a song and you're acting it's incredible. But when you're singing a song and you're acting it's even more incredible.
Music fathoms the sky.
Music is the refuge of souls ulcerated by happiness.
I don't want to limit myself musically. It would be really limiting if we'd neglect something we really want to do, like explore other styles of music.
I think the amazing thing about gospel music is that not only does it lift up the death and resurrection of our Lord, which is consistent with the Gospel, but it is uniquely communicated depending upon the generation.
The truest expression of a people is in its dances and its music. Bodies never lie.
Music is for people. The word 'pop' is simply short for popular. It means that people like it. I'm just a normal jerk who happens to make music. As long as my brain and fingers work, I'm cool.
The prospect of music being detachable from time and place meant that one could start to think of music as a part of one's furniture.
It's funny, when bands or younger musicians ask me: 'So, what does it take to make it?' Well, first explain to me what you mean by 'making it': Do you want to be a rock star or do you want music to be your livelihood?
I don't have any real spirituality in my life - I'm kind of an atheist - but when music can take me to the highest heights, it's almost like a spiritual feeling. It fills that void for me.
Michael Jordan changed so much in basketball, he took his power to make a difference. It's so much going on in music right now and somebody has to make a difference.
Music is given to us with the sole purpose of establishing an order in things, including, and particularly, the coordination between man and time.
I'm starting to wonder if pop culture is in its dying days, because everyone is able to customize their own lives with the images they want to see and the words they want to read and the music they listen to. You don't have the broader trends like you used to.
When you're thirteen and listening to punk, the aggressive nature of music can sway you to the dark side.
When I act, I hear it like music. In my head, I hear the dialogue like music.
It would no doubt be very sentimental to argue - but I would argue it nevertheless - that the peculiar combination of joy and sadness in bell music - both of clock chimes, and of change-ringing - is very typical of England. It is of a piece with the irony in which English people habitually address one another.
Metal is still the biggest music now in America.
My music is about being strong, even in your vulnerability.
Art works because it appeals to certain faculties of the mind. Music depends on details of the auditory system, painting and sculpture on the visual system. Poetry and literature depend on language.
What makes my approach special is that I do different things. I do jazz, blues, country music and so forth. I do them all, like a good utility man.
I love rock-n-roll. I think it's an exciting art form. It's revolutionary. Still revolutionary and it changed people. It changed their hearts. But yeah, even rock-n-roll has a lot of rubbish, really bad music.
Sound as medium has an incredible elasticity. So, of course, it is tempting for artists of other fields to try something with sounds. Why not? We are living in the age when there is no limit in gathering all forms of art and music to mix it together if you so desire.
I've been trying to learn how to not be so conflicted about things like my own anger. I've always had a place in my music for my anger as a way of compensating for not having a mechanism to express it in my everyday life. So I've been trying to be more true to myself, and that helps me to chill out a little bit. But politically, uh-uh. No.
We're musicians. We make music for a living. It's that simple. Nothing else matters.
I mean, the shoe - there is a music to it, there is attitude, there is sound, it's a movement. Clothes - it's a different story. There are a million things I'd rather do before designing clothes: directing, landscaping.
I write music with an exclamation point!
I have such happy memories of performing in a choir and I don't think I'd have got where I am today without all that experience. So my advice to young singers is to either join your school or church's choir or find one in your local area. Choral music at any level teaches you so much about musicianship and blending your voice.
Country music is three chords and the truth.
I don't care what people say about my relationship; I don't care what they say about my boobs. People are buying my songs; I have a sold-out tour. I'm getting incredible feedback from my music.
Dreams do come true, even for someone who couldn't speak English and never had a music lesson or much of an education.
There are certain things in which mediocrity is not to be endured, such as poetry, music, painting, public speaking.
About myself I have no great illusions. I know what I am. I know what I'm good at. I know what I ain't. I'm always hoping to surprise myself. But I do have a love of music and I do love to communicate it, and that's the best I can do, really. And I can raise a good family, too.
Music is one of the most essential things in life. It is what teaches us.
I enjoy being happy every day, and hopefully you can hear my happiness in my music. Life is beautiful.
My favorite books, art pieces, films, and music, always have something jarring about them.
There's been a shift: Country music is popular music now. Every other genre wants to come over to our land.
I love jazz music and sad music. I'm a sentimental guy. I'm a romantic guy.
The tango is really a combination of many cultures, though it eventually became the national music of Argentina.
Art makes us human, music makes us human, and I deeply feel that science makes us human.
I dabbled in things like Howlin' Wolf, Cream and Led Zeppelin, but when I heard Son House and Robert Johnson, it blew my mind. It was something I'd been missing my whole life. That music made me discard everything else and just get down to the soul and honesty of the blues.
Pop music thrives on repetition. You know a song's a hit when you've heard it so often that you'll be happy never to hear it again.
But however measurable, there is much more life in music than mathematics or logic ever dreamed of.
That was a time when I did love music, I couldn't get enough of what was going on. Maybe it was Nirvana that brought me back. I guess it was a comfort because something that sounded so right - and non-commercial - had become so influential, so immediately.
No other human being, no woman, no poem or music, book or painting can replace alcohol in its power to give man the illusion of real creation.
I've been all over the world. I love New York, I love Paris, San Francisco, so many places. But there's no place like New Orleans. It's got the best food. It's got the best music. It's got the best people. It's got the most fun stuff to do.
Even in the most beautiful music there are some silences, which are there so we can witness the importance of silence.
I don't know if One Direction will stand the test of time. I have a niece who goes crazy for them. But the only way to judge art is to wait and see if it becomes evergreen. This takes a bit of time. Adele is a very good musician and I'd like to sing with her. But, again, time will tell if her music will become evergreen.
Yet, it ought to be obvious that good music generally occupies a higher plane that mere politics. Great writers can express moods through melody and capture experiences we share most powerfully - love, lust, longing; joy, rage, fear; triumph, yearning and confusion.
Pop music, disco music, and heavy metal music is about shutting out the tensions of life, putting it away.
Because the blues is the basis of most American music in the 20th century. It's a 12-bar form that's played by jazz, bluegrass and country musicians. It has a rhythmic vocabulary that's been used by rock n' roll. It's related to spirituals, and even the American fiddle tradition.
Dope never helped anybody sing better or play music better or do anything better. All dope can do for you is kill you - and kill you the long, slow, hard way.
I really didn't try to make an effort to make urban music, but I am a product of my inspirations.
Music is therapy for me. It's my outlet for every negative thing I've ever been through. It lets me turn something bad into something beautiful.
The world's most famous and popular language is music.
Music creates order out of chaos: for rhythm imposes unanimity upon the divergent, melody imposes continuity upon the disjointed, and harmony imposes compatibility upon the incongruous.
Advertising, music, atmospheres, subliminal messages and films can have an impact on our emotional life, and we cannot control it because we are not even conscious of it.
My masters are strange folk with very little care for music in them.
Ah, reality TV: where opportunists delight in exposing opportunism! It's kind of like the indie music scene.
I have no love for myself as a human being, but I have immense pride in the music I make.
Is it not the business of the conductor to convey to the public in its dramatic form the central idea of a composition; and how can he convey that idea successfully if he does not enter heart and soul into the life of the music and the tale it unfolds?
Country music is important to me, and I love it, but it's not my whole life.
Science is, rightly, searching for drugs to arrest ageing or to slow the advance of dementia. But the evidence suggests that many of the most powerful factors determining how you age come from what you do, and what you do with others: whether you work, whether you play music, whether you have regular visitors.
I hope people half my age and twice my age will listen to my music - I want it to live forever and for my audience to feel like they have a friend in my music. Music is a spirit. It heals. It's an amazing thing to be loved and appreciated, and sometimes, music has not just been my best friend, it's been my only friend.
There hasn't been anything real since grunge. That was the last movement led by music or an art form.
I went to college on a classical piano scholarship. My grandmother made me practice one full hour a day. Every day. Man. I thought all she wanted was for me not to have any fun. Next thing you know, you have a career in music. Now, not everybody's going to go on and be Mozart or Michael Jackson. But music makes you smarter.
The singer-songwriter has always played music that was stylistically rooted in the '30s and the Great Depression and the Dust Bowl. But the fact of the matter is that none of us remember the Depression firsthand.
Had I not come out with an inspirational CD, you perhaps would have never known that I feel like I feel, that all songs, all the music I've ever done is a gift from God.
Violence is a part of America. I don't want to single out rap music. Let's be honest. America's the most violent country in the history of the world, that's just the way it is. We're all affected by it.
Hip-hop is the streets. Hip-hop is a couple of elements that it comes from back in the days... that feel of music with urgency that speaks to you. It speaks to your livelihood and it's not compromised. It's blunt. It's raw, straight off the street - from the beat to the voice to the words.
Film is one of the three universal languages, the other two: mathematics and music.
I don't really believe in the type of pressure that people are wanting to put on the type of music that I make.
If I know you're very good in music, I can predict with just about zero accuracy whether you're going to be good or bad in other things.
Music evokes so many feelings in us, memories, nostalgia, things that are connected to our past.
I know this will blow your mind, but most people would probably never ever get it, but I listen to classical music when nobody else is around. It calms me down and I can get into this, like, deep thinking mode, you know, because there's really no lyrics to it, so you're not following something that - that you're listening to a story.
I've always thought of music as something which gives the words their flight and their wings and the music often comes first, although sometimes I'll have a concept, a title idea, a lyric idea that I want to write and the lyric will come first.
To me there is no picture so beautiful as smiling, bright-eyed, happy children; no music so sweet as their clear and ringing laughter.
Maybe we've been brainwashed by 130 years of Yankee history, but Southern identity now has more to do with food, accents, manners, music than the Confederate past. It's something that's open to both races, a variety of ethnic groups and people who move here.
I wanted to be a cheerleader, like my sister was - all the most popular and beautiful girls are cheerleaders and I wanted that, and it demolished this vision of myself. That's when I found the piano, when music saved me; that's when I first attempted to write my own songs.
What can a pencil do for all of us? Amazing things. It can write transcendent poetry, uplifting music, or life-changing equations; it can sketch the future, give life to untold beauty, and communicate the full-force of our love and aspirations.
One of the good things about globalization is it has created a single international music community, and I feel very much part of it.
Mathematics is the music of reason.
When I'm with my wife, I know she's a beautiful woman. I know that, and more than that, it's what she is inside. She's beautiful inside; she loves music like I do. That's the thing that brought us together and probably keeps us together.
I'm a serious aficionada of country music - Reba McEntire, Toby Keith, Montgomery Gentry. I've even written some songs. They haven't done anything of mine yet. But it's only a matter of time.
I alone of English writers have consciously set myself to make music out of what I may call the sound of sense.
I get a thrill meeting kids who are into alternative music.
I try to use my music to move these people to act.
Of all the music that reached farthest into heaven, it is the beating of a loving heart.
The opera is to music what a bawdy house is to a cathedral.
Folk music is a bunch of fat people.
Medicine to produce health must examine disease; and music, to create harmony must investigate discord.
Music is the melody whose text is the world.
Music is amazing. There's some metaphysical comfort where it allows you to be isolated and alone while telling you that you are not alone... truly, the only cure for sadness is to share it with someone else.
Poetry fettered, fetters the human race. Nations are destroyed or flourish in proportion as their poetry, painting, and music are destroyed or flourish.
I enjoy all forms of music - pop, classical and opera.
Death is the king of this world: 'Tis his park where he breeds life to feed him. Cries of pain are music for his banquet.
What I know is my music gets blamed for school shootings.
The martial music of every sideburned delinquent on the face of the earth.
Music is God's gift to man, the only art of Heaven given to earth, the only art of earth we take to Heaven.
My aim is just to make good music every single time.
Music is a beautiful opiate, if you don't take it too seriously.
I think I first realized I wanted to be in country music and be an artist when I was 10. And I started dragging my parents to festivals, and fairs, and karaoke contests, and I did that for about a year before I came to Nashville for the first time. I was 11 and I had this demo CD of me singing Dixie Chicks and Leanne Rimes songs.
Certainly tolerance and acceptance were at the forefront of my music.
Avant-garde music is sort of research music. You're glad someone's done it but you don't necessarily want to listen to it.
For me, 'risky' is revealing what really happened in my life through music. Risky is writing confessional songs and telling the true story about a person with enough details so everyone knows who that person is.
Music is spiritual. The music business is not.
In essence, String Theory describes space and time, matter and energy, gravity and light, indeed all of God's creation... as music.
I don't understand why the press is so interested in speculating about my appearance, anyway. What does my face have to do with my music or my dancing?
Through literacy you can begin to see the universe. Through music you can reach anybody. Between the two there is you, unstoppable.
I feel good about being able to take bluegrass on to television like 'Letterman' and 'The View,' and I've heard nice things about being able to do that. I really haven't felt any negativity toward me or my music.
I think the drummer should sit back there and play some drums, and never mind about the tunes. Just get up there and wail behind whoever is sitting up there playing the solo. And this is what is lacking, definitely lacking in music today.
There's people making babies to my music. That's nice.
Rock and roll music - the music of freedom frightens people and unleashes all manner of conservative defense mechanisms.
I think there's nothing better than seeing a three-chord straight up rock 'n' roll band in your face with sweaty music and three minute good songs.
What I've discovered is that in art, as in music, there's a lot of truth-and then there's a lie. The artist is essentially creating his work to make this lie a truth, but he slides it in amongst all the others. The tiny little lie is the moment I live for, my moment. It's the moment that the audience falls in love.
First of all, the music that people call Latin or Spanish is really African. So Black people need to get the credit for that.
Adult life is dealing with an enormous amount of questions that don't have answers. So I let the mystery settle into my music. I don't deny anything, I don't advocate anything, I just live with it.
I want my music to do the explaining.
The earth has grown old with its burden of care, but at Christmas it always is young, the heart of the jewel burns lustrous and fair, and its soul full of music breaks the air, when the song of angels is sung.
Nothing pleases me more than to go into a room and come out with a piece of music.
I had no desire to be famous; I just wanted to make the greatest music ever made. I didn't want anyone to know who I was.
It had never occurred to me before that music and thinking are so much alike. In fact you could say music is another way of thinking, or maybe thinking is another kind of music.
The only things Mick and I disagree about is the band, the music and what we do.
Music is a lady that I still love because she gives me the air that I breathe. We need all sorts of nourishment. And music satisfies and nourishes the hunger within ourselves for connection and harmony.
Placebo is music for outsiders, by outsiders and our gigs are like conventions of outcasts, which is cool.
Music's always been really cathartic. It's the best drug for me to get away from the everyday pressures just for a second via a good song.
There are a lot of bands who claim to be punk and they only play the music, they have no clue what it's all about. It's a lifestyle. It's not about popularity and all that crap.
I turned to music originally because of my past and needing a release or an outlet to get out anger or frustration or hurt.
Everything we release with Tool is inspired by our music.
For me, music and life are all about style.
I didn't want to go out and change anything. I just wanted to make the music that was part of my background, which was rock and blues and hip-hop.
Music of all arts should be expansive and inclusive.
I think older people can appreciate my music because I really show my heart when I sing, and it's not corny. I think I can grow as an artist, and my fans will grow with me.
When superstition is allowed to perform the task of old age in dulling the human temperament, we can say goodbye to all excellence in poetry, in painting, and in music.
Mathematics is, as it were, a sensuous logic, and relates to philosophy as do the arts, music, and plastic art to poetry.
I'm such an avid magazine reader - music, art, beauty magazines - and I found that food and restaurants were pouring into everything I cared about. Whether it was the pop-up concept, or some mysterious mini-mall restaurant, I got swept up in the sexy romance of the food movement.
Music has always been my back door to life. It is important for people to find something that excites them. I like the concept that if you do what excites you, you will be rewarded generously, whatever form reward takes, which is not necessarily money.
As hard as it is, as ghetto as it is, hip-hop is pop music. It's the sound of music getting out of the ghetto, while rock is looking for a ghetto.
I was irrevocably betrothed to laughter, the sound of which has always seemed to me the most civilised music in the world.
Music is made one of Satan's most attractive agencies to ensnare souls; but, when turned to a good account, it is a blessing. When abused, it leads the unconsecrated to pride, vanity, and folly.
You can't give up something you really believe in for financial reasons. If you die by the roadside - so be it. But at least you know you've tried. Ten minutes in the music scene was the equal of one hundred years outside of it.
I was doing these performance art pop music pieces in the city. And they were a bit on the eccentric side I suppose. So people started to call me Gaga after the Queen song 'Radio Gaga.'
Inspiration for my music just comes from, you know, my life experiences.
One and the same thing can at the same time be good, bad, and indifferent, e.g., music is good to the melancholy, bad to those who mourn, and neither good nor bad to the deaf.
Some of the greatest blues music is some of the darkest music you've ever heard.
In 'thinking up' music I usually have some kind of a brass band with wings on it in back of my mind.
Learning music by reading about it is like making love by mail.
If I hadn't had music in my life, it's quite possible I'd be dead and I'd much rather be alive.
You can't really imagine music without technology.
I'm into sincerity in music and sincerity in art. If it doesn't feel true, I don't want to do it. Things that are too dramatic scare me. I think that's why I don't always fit into the world of performing arts.
Big companies are like marching bands. Even if half the band is playing random notes, it still sounds kind of like music. The concealment of failure is built into them.
My horizon on humanity is enlarged by reading the writers of poems, seeing a painting, listening to some music, some opera, which has nothing at all to do with a volatile human condition or struggle or whatever. It enriches me as a human being.
I know it sounds corny, but when you follow your dreams, it happens. And if it's music, take it seriously.
Rap music's been around for too long now to be inspirational. The words are, but the music isn't.
Music was important. Football was the easy part.
The whole history of pop music had rested on the first person singular, with occasional intrusions of the second person singular.
It is so characteristic, that just when the mechanics of reproduction are so vastly improved, there are fewer and fewer people who know how the music should be played.
You can't fake this music. You might be a great singer or a great musician but, in the need, that's got nothing to do with it. It's how you connect to the songs and to the history behind them.
I travel the garden of music, thru inspiration. It's a large, very large garden, seen?
If children are not introduced to music at an early age, I believe something fundamental is actually being taken from them.
Yes, there are times when I get extremely depressed and how I sublimate those feelings is through music.
I love country music, blues, and punk, and one day I might make those kinds of records.
Inspiring music may fill the soul with heavenly thoughts, move one to righteous action, or speak peace to the soul.
If I put a value on my music, and no one's prepared to pay that, then more fool me, but the idea that the value is created by the consumer is an idiot plan; it can't work.
I always believed that my work should be unfinished in the sense that I encourage people to add their creativity to it, either conceptually or physically. Back in the 1960s, I was calling for 'Unfinished Music,' number one, and number two, with my artwork - I was taking unfinished work into the gallery. And that's how I was looking at it.
Music is your guide.
Gospel music is never pessimistic, it's never 'oh my god, its all going down the tubes', like the blues often is.
Gospel music rhythms are not African in origin, although I know that's what the jazz experts say.
The best music, you can seek some shelter in it momentarily, but it's essentially there to provide you something to face the world with.
When I was younger, studying classical music, I really had to put in the time. Three hours a day is not even nice - you have to put in six.
When I grew up, what was interesting for me was that music was color and life was gray. So music for me has always been more than entertainment.
Linguistic philosophers continue to argue that probably music is not a language, that is in the philosophical debate. Another point of view is to say that music is a very profound language.
There is still a future with music, because people want music.
Music my rampart, and my only one.
I'm not one who divides music, dance or art into various categories. Either something works, or it doesn't.
Musicians are there in front of you, and the spectators sense their tension, which is not the case when you're listening to a record. Your attention is more relaxed. The emotional aspect is more important in live music.
Indie music is 'it' now. It's kind of a revolution to the music: 1980s, 1990s music was getting very sanitized; they were complying with the music industry. Music was getting more and more dead in a way. Now, because of the social climate that's very severe, the artists are compelled to start being real. It's really great that indie music is now.
I've been composing music all my life and if I'd been clever enough at school I would like to have gone to music college.
The sound and music are 50% of the entertainment in a movie.
Popular music formed the soundtrack of my life.
The way I feel about music is that there is no right and wrong. Only true and false.
I was never too keen on the British music press. They've called us a supermarket hype, and they used to suggest that we didn't write our own songs.
Words make you think a thought. Music makes you feel a feeling. A song makes you feel a thought.
I liberate minds with my music. That's more important than liberating a few people from apartheid or whatever.
I mean, the genuine roots of culture is folk music.
Music has generally involved a lot of awkward contraptions, a certain amount of heavy lifting.
I'm not trying to keep up or adapt. I'm allowing myself to grow, evolve and create new music.
With music, you often don't have to translate it. It just affects you, and you don't know why.
I think that prog rock is the science fiction of music. Science fiction speculates on what the future might be and look like and how we'll get there, and yet there's always a central theme of humanity, or there should be. Progressive rock has the same concept of exploration into the parts of the music world that hasn't been explored.
I always wanted my music to influence the life you were living emotionally - with your family, your lover, your wife, and, at a certain point, with your children.
I don't care what people say. My music's, my music.
To me, movies and music go hand in hand. When I'm writing a script, one of the first things I do is find the music I'm going to play for the opening sequence.
I loved 'Fantasia' as a kid because it filled me with wonder, enchantment and awe. It was my first real introduction into classical music. It was totally inspiring to me.
I have a sort of tactility about music. I go into record stores and just run my fingers over it, the spines.
In the future, you won't buy artists' works; you'll buy software that makes original pieces of 'their' works, or that recreates their way of looking at things. You could buy a Shostakovich box, or you could buy a Brahms box. You might want some Shostakovich slow-movement-like music to be generated. So then you use that box.
Records were vitally important to the development of music and of all music cultures. With that being pushed by the wayside, I can't see an iPod uniting us. In fact it separates us, the streets are full of people bumping into lamp posts, listening to their own little universe, and there's no sharing in that.
Before recording technology existed, you could not separate music from its social context.
I'm well past the age where I'm acceptable. You get to a certain age and you are forbidden access. You're not going to get the kind of coverage that you would like in music magazines, you're not going to get played on radio and you're not going to get played on television. I have to survive on word of mouth.
It's true that I have a wide range of interests. I like to write and paint and make music and go walking on my own and garden. In fact, gardening is probably what I enjoy doing more than anything else.
Does art have a future? Performance genres like opera, theater, music and dance are thriving all over the world, but the visual arts have been in slow decline for nearly 40 years. No major figure of profound influence has emerged in painting or sculpture since the waning of Pop Art and the birth of Minimalism in the early 1970s.
I'm proud to be a railway modeler. It means more to me to be on the cover of Model Railroader than to be on the cover of a music magazine.
Music has as many roles as people make it.
I'm a big collector of vinyl - I have a record room in my house - and I've always had a huge soundtrack album collection. So what I do, as I'm writing a movie, is go through all those songs, trying to find good songs for fights, or good pieces of music to layer into the film.
Everything I was feeling, all the hurt and the pain and the emotion I was going through, I put into my music.
Yoga is almost like music in a way; there's no end to it.
I feel like once the song is done, you put it out there and if people want to do bizarre remixes, if people want to make strange videos, great. You know, like chaos theory applied to the music business.
I do believe that music has an intense power to connect us together, to inspire us to become ourselves.
The music industry is a strange combination of having real and intangible assets: pop bands are brand names in themselves, and at a given stage in their careers their name alone can practically gaurantee hit records.
To be an artist, you don't have to compose music or paint or be in the movies or write books. It's just a way of living. It has to do with paying attention, remembering, filtering what you see and answering back, participating in life.
I'm writing constantly about all my crazy experiences across the world, so I have a lot of music I've already written.
Music's been around a long time, and there's going to be music long after Ray Charles is dead. I just want to make my mark, leave something musically good behind. If it's a big record, that's the frosting on the cake, but music's the main meal.
Punk was originally about creating new, important, energetic music that would hopefully threaten the status quo and the stupidity of the 1970s.
I do listen to music. Movie scores, exclusively, because it's all about mood and nonspecificity. I love the way modern movie scoring is all about nonspecificity. You know, if I shuffled the tracks from 'Inception,' I challenge you to tell me which is which.
Music can be healing, and with my history and my knowledge of both sides of what looks like a gigantic divide in the world, I feel I can point a way forward to our common humanity again.
To me, John Lennon and Elvis Presley were punks, because they made music that evoked those emotions in people.
I love making music and I'm falling in love with making records, so it's like having two girlfriends. But I can handle it.
Music is the language of the heart, and conservatives always screw it up.
I found that when I was putting my own music out, with my Twitter feed as the pure marketing budget, I'm preaching to the choir.
When music is allowed to take the place of devotion and prayer, it is a terrible curse. Young people assemble together to sing, and, although professed Christians, frequently dishonor God and their faith by their frivolous conversation and their choice of music.
Rich Mullins was the uneasy conscience of Christian music. He didn't live like a star. He'd taken a vow of poverty so that what he earned could be used to help others.
I like music that's more offensive. I like it to sound like nails on a blackboard, get me wild.
There's a constantly applicable nature to soul music, whereas sometimes pop music can be a periodical.
I like playing music because it's a good living and I get satisfaction from it. But I can't feed my family with satisfaction.
Music, not sex, got me aroused.
When I signed that major-label contract when I was 20 years old. I did it because I wanted to play music for the rest of my life. That's every 20-year-old's dream - to do whatever the hell you want.
I'm going to keep on finding out the kind of man I am through my music. That's the one place I can be free. But the reason it's difficult is because I'm changing all the time.
I heard someone from the music business saying they are no longer looking for talent, they want people with a certain look and a willingness to cooperate.
Creativity and artistic endeavors have a mission that goes far beyond just making music for the sake of music.
The English may not like music, but they absolutely love the noise it makes.
I basically get stereotyped a lot in terms of being a girl and writing 'chick' music for teenage girls or something. I think, if anything, the press kind of, because of my gender and my age, tends to kind of relegate my work to this sort of special-interest group. It's part of the cultural dynamic, I guess.
If you can use a search engine, you can find any piece of music that's been recorded for free. I'm not saying that's right, but it's a fact, and I'm surprised that more people don't accept or acknowledge that and try to adapt in some way.
In TV, film, and music there's a lot of snobbery, and I don't like it. I've never been a cultural snob.
As a boy, I'd always had an interest in theater. But the idea at my school was that drama and music were to round out the man. It wasn't what one did for a living. I got over that.
Music became a healer for me.
Anything that keeps you happy and writing is part of my writing ritual: I like music, so I tend to have it playing in the background. But if I'm interested, I can write in an airport waiting areas.
A lot of pop music is about stealing pocket money from children.
I feel a part of the congregation. I've never had to do special music. The kids sing in the choir. It's just normal. We're treated like everybody else.
I had spent many years pursuing excellence, because that is what classical music is all about... Now it was dedicated to freedom, and that was far more important.
In a sense, the music business and I haven't always been the best of bedfellows. Artists often have to fight their corner. Your music goes through these filters of record labels and media, and you're hoping you'll find someone who'll help you get your work into the world.
My parents started with very little and were the only ones in their families to graduate from college. As parents, they focused on education, but did not stop at academics - they made sure that we knew music, saw art and theatre and traveled - even though it meant budgeting like crazy.
We were raised in an Italian-American household, although we didn't speak Italian in the house. We were very proud of being Italian, and had Italian music, ate Italian food.
The beautiful thing about hip-hop is it's like an audio collage. You can take any form of music and do it in a hip-hop way and it'll be a hip-hop song. That's the only music you can do that with.
There weren't a lot of career opportunities in crazy-fast hardcore punk, so you didn't have a lot of ambition, just the love and passion to play music with your friends.
Music is the greatest communication in the world. Even if people don't understand the language that you're singing in, they still know good music when they hear it.
For me, playwriting is and has always been like making a chair. Your concerns are balance, form, timing, lights, space, music. If you don't have these essentials, you might as well be writing a theoretical essay, not a play.
My thing is related to who I am as a person. The clothes are an extension of me. The music is an extension of me. All my businesses are part of the culture, so I have to stay true to whatever I'm feeling at the time, whatever direction I'm heading in. And hopefully, everyone follows.
With pop music, the format dictates the form to a big degree. Just think of the pop single. It has endured as a form even in the download age because bands conform to a strict format, and work, often very productively, within the parameters.
I hear music that comes out of need, out of grief, sorrow, suffering and out of overcoming these things, as well. That journey to freedom still goes on today. It's an incremental change, the culmination of many events in your own life and the lives of your children and grandchildren.
When I started getting so many haters and closed doors, I decided to prove that it could be done. I was a divorced single mother of three at the time and a size 12 - not your typical model artist that labels feel work for the music industry.
All art constantly aspires towards the condition of music.
Music is music, ultimately. If it makes you feel good, cool.
From the beginning, I knew intuitively that if nothing else, music was safe, and that nobody could tell me anything about it. Music didn't need a middleman, whereas all the other things in school needed some kind of explanation.
Film music should have the same relationship to the film drama that somebody's piano playing in my living room has on the book I am reading.
I never saw music in terms of men and women or black and white. There was just cool and uncool.
Singing is a way of releasing an emotion that you sometimes can't portray when you're acting. And music moves your soul, so music is the source of the most intense emotions you can feel.
Music will never go away, and I will never stop making music; it's just what capacity or what arena you decide to do it.
Bob Marley is a huge influence. I love reggae music, but I also love the purpose of the songs he writes and the style of the music - it takes your worries away and makes you feel good, and I think that's what music is about.
Since I was a kid, I've had an absolute obsession with particular kinds of American music. Mississippi Delta blues of the Thirties, Chicago blues of the Fifties, West Coast music of the mid-Sixties - but I'd never really touched on dark Americana.
Music was always the distraction, so it was the obvious choice to pursue. My dad always said to find a job I love to do, that way it wouldn't feel like a job. So I did that.
I wanna show that gospel, country, blues, rhythm and blues, jazz, rock 'n' roll are all just really one thing. Those are the American music and that is the American culture.
The key to longevity is to learn every aspect of music that you can.
My symphonies would have reached Opus 100 if I had but written them down... Sometimes I am so full of music, and so overflowing with melody, that I find it simply impossible to write down anything.
It's glorious to be able to go onto the Internet and hear any kind of music anywhere, from anywhere, and get it instantly. But there's also something glorious about having a record with a sleeve and looking at the artwork, putting it on the turntable and playing it, there's still something romantic to me about that.
You have to watch all sides of your advancement, you have to make sure people's bodies and minds are healthy and their morale is cool before you can really go out and play great music.
Music is in my DNA!
If you have some magical chemistry that actually find the music you make compelling, that is a big bonus.
One of the things I love about music is live performance.
But an innovation, to grow organically from within, has to be based on an intact tradition, so our idea is to bring together musicians who represent all these traditions, in workshops, festivals, and concerts, to see how we can connect with each other in music.
If you're in the middle of the ocean with no flippers and no life preserver and you hear a helicopter, this is music. You have to adjust to your needs at the moment.
Sometimes words are just music themselves. Like 'Chicago' is a very musical sounding name.
I feel that when you care about your music, taking risks is something you should do to keep things exciting.
There is hardly any money interest in art, and music will be there when money is gone.
Hip-hop is more about attaining wealth. People respect success. They respect big. They don't even have to like your music. If you're big enough, people are drawn to you.
It is jazz music that called me to be a musician and I have always sang the songs that moved me the most. Singers, like Frank Sinatra and myself, we interpret the songs that we like. Not unlike a Shakespearean actor that goes back to the greatest words ever written, we go back to the greatest songs.
I'd love to do my own music for sure. I'd love to have a band.
Look at music for what it's worth around the world and not just America. In other countries, people are still buying CDs and going to record stores. But in America, it's all about digital. The game is breaking down. But, look at me, you need to know how to play the game the right way.
Music is my therapy and my straitjacket. Music keeps me sane and keeps my mind on something. It's fragile up there.
Richard Wagner, a musician who wrote music which is better than it sounds.
I feel like I'm a product of this generation where everybody listens to charts with diverse music.
I think some people would say that I do overwhelm the words with the music, and sometimes thank goodness I do.
And what classical music does best and must always do more, is to show this kind of transformation of moods, to show a very wide psychological voyage. And I think that's something that we as classical musicians have underestimated.
Being honest is my job. That's what music is for me.
What is this? It's music to get a brain seizure by.
My first memories of music were country music and Ronnie Milsap. Where I grew up, it was what you listened to. And anything else, you were somewhat out of place.
I hope to refine music, study it, try to find some area that I can unlock. I don't quite know how to explain it but it's there. These can't be the only notes in the world, there's got to be other notes some place, in some dimension, between the cracks on the piano keys.
I just love music gear, I'm a total geek all around.
The universe is a symphony of strings, and the mind of God that Einstein eloquently wrote about for thirty years would be cosmic music resonating through eleven-dimensional hyper space.
When I joined Nirvana, I was the fifth or sixth drummer - I don't know if they'd ever had a drummer they were totally happy with. And they were strangers. There was never much of a deeper connection outside of the music.
I think music follows the trends of the collective conscious.
I wonder if anyone else has an ear so tuned and sharpened as I have, to detect the music, not of the spheres, but of earth, subtleties of major and minor chord that the wind strikes upon the tree branches. Have you ever heard the earth breathe?
Classical music and pop are two different universes, each with its own difficulties, peculiarities, depth and artistic dignity. In Italy, I think there is a fairly clear line of demarcation, but the history of music is full of fusion. Popular and classical music have always found points of contact, of crossing, exchange, both drawing mutual profit.
Acting is largely about putting on masks, and music is about removing them.
I like to put on hardcore when I have to clean my apartment, which I hate to do, but it's motivational. I like old heavy metal when I'm outside working on my car. Music has definite functions for me.
Poetry is plucking at the heartstrings, and making music with them.
The world is full of poetry. The air is living with its spirit; and the waves dance to the music of its melodies, and sparkle in its brightness.
It's nice being friends over a period of time with people whose music you like so much, or other filmmakers, seeing people change, go through trials.
I write the vocals last, because I wanted to invent the music first and push the music to the level that I had to compete against it.
Losing my sight had nothing to do with my focus on music. My passion for music was already there, so it would be a mistake to give too much significance to my blindness.
Music truly is the universal language.
Half of the modern world goes back as far as Pearl Jam. The real historians go back to U2. But they need to go back further. They have to go back to the '50s and '60s, where things started. That's how you get to be your own personality, by studying the masters. Rock and roll was white kids trying to make black music and failing, gloriously!
I got obsessed with classical music, I got obsessed with Chopin, with playing the piano.
You know when you throw a party, you think people will show up and no one will like each other. It's like that with music - parts of your musical psyche have never met other parts. You wonder if you should get them together.
Saxophone is one thing, and music is another.
People often complain that music is too ambiguous, that what they should think when they hear it is so unclear, whereas everyone understands words. With me, it is exactly the opposite, and not only with regard to an entire speech but also with individual words.
I've grown to love California: It's the dream of every English musician to come here and work in the sunshine. To walk up Sunset Boulevard, knowing you're going to make music - that's it.
I think it's awesome to see people of all different ages from all kinds of backgrounds come together for the love of music.
But then when he left, I realized that it was harder to write songs and feel spiritually connected to art and music as a band. When he came back I felt it again, instantaneously.
Music's supposed to come from the heart. I felt like that if it ever got mechanical, I was going to back away from it.
I was trying to uphold what I thought feminism was as best I could by supporting women, by trying to create an opportunity to get women to get together, play music together and celebrate the fact that we are having great success making music on our own and together.
Music is all of a sudden much more colorful.
Like sunshine, music is a powerful force that can instantly and almost chemically change your entire mood.
Growing up listening to rap music, you almost feel like you should have haters. That's an important part of being a successful musician. It's a good thing, I guess.
I defied the machinery to make me its slave. Its incessant discords could not drown the music of my thoughts if I would let them fly high enough.
What came to me as a revelation was the use of rhythm in developing an overall structure in music.
I think all those artists are artists who are appreciated because you believe their words and you appreciate their honesty in their music. If you don't appreciate the honesty in the music, the beat can be fly as hell but you'll never give an emcee props.
My musical influence is really from my father. He was a DJ in college. My parents met at New York University. So he listened to, you know, Motown, and he listened to Bob Dylan. He listened to Grateful Dead and Rolling Stones, but he also listened to reggae music. And he collected vinyl.
I'd like a male to listen to my music and find it kind of fascinating, what a girl goes through when they get heartbroken or get sad or get hurt by something.
I find that, maybe because I'm also a singer, I hear music in characters all the time, even if they don't sing. I hear what affects me in my heart.
My earliest memories of rap music was mixed with my earliest memories of reggae music. They were big sounds around the way, heavy bass lines, strong messages, definitely.
Everything comes out in blues music: joy, pain, struggle. Blues is affirmation with absolute elegance. It's about a man and a woman. So the pain and the struggle in the blues is that universal pain that comes from having your heart broken. Most blues songs are not about social statements.
I want to write music that's going to appeal to everyone.
I tried to take heavy metal... and balled it up and chopped it in half and really tried to create a new form of energy. I really tried to re-shape extreme music as I see it through my eyes.
To me, country music's about life. It's about Monday through Friday. It's the blue-collar, 40-hour week, songs about life. It used to have more of a sound, but I think the heart of that's still the same. It's still American music.
I just want to make the best music of all time with my best friends.
I have pictures of me sitting in the racquetball court in my pajamas with an acoustic guitar, and Wolfgang is probably just two-and-a-half-feet tall. I'll never forget the day I saw his foot tapping along in beat! I knew then, I couldn't wait for the day I'd be able to make music with my son. I don't know what more I could ask for.
My mother's songs are really turning out to be masterpieces. I have inherited this incredible legacy and am so fortunate to bathe in her sensibilities. It is tinged with tragedy. I'd much rather she was here in person, but there is still a positive force to come out of her death and that is having the gift of music that she gave.
It's pretty cool to see how far music can take you.
In World War II, jazz absolutely was the music of freedom, and then in the Cold War, behind the Iron Curtain, same thing. It was all underground, but they needed the food of freedom that jazz offered.
My dedication to my music has driven everyone away. I've had girlfriends, but I always end up on my own. I don't particularly like it, but I don't see a way 'round it.
The conception of background music is changing. You use less and less of it these days.
I think the feelings in my music were suggested to me before I even had the ability to play music.
When I heard Elvis Presley, then I knew I had to do music. Music is my god, and is the only love that has never left me. It has always been there and is my best friend.
I'm a country singer. I love all kinds of music, but country is where my loyalty lies. That's just me and what I do, and I'm not going to change it.
With rock music, the amount of power that you can generate, the intensity behind the intentions of your lyrics that you can really reflect through rock music - you can't do that in jazz. You can't do that with classical.
My story of success and failure is not just about music and being famous. It's about living and loving and trying to find purpose in this crazy world.
I love making music, though. I love playing.
At the end of the '90s and into 2000, electronic music was still an underground phenomenon, especially in America.
I think music has the power to transform people, and in doing so, it has the power to transform situations - some large and some small.
Not only did I get an A in music but I got an A in ladies.
I was about sixteen when I discovered that music could get you laid, so I got into music boy, didn't matter what you looked like either, you could be a geeky looking guy but if you played music, whoa, you'd get the girls.
The music is the message, the message is the music. So that's my little ministry that the Big Man upstairs gave to me - a little ministry called love and happiness.
I remember rap music. We used to party and dance off of it. Today it's all about a whole different angle... Rappers are going against each other, and it's more of a bragging, boasting thing.
Recording in Jamaica is like nothing else. The studios are always closed in America. But in Jamaica, the studio doors are wide open, and there's music blasting out in the street. You can see the reaction of people immediately.
I'm into fashion because it contains the mood of the day, of the moment - like music, literature, and art.
What I look for in music is artistry, sincerity, and simplicity, and Tom Waits has all of that. I want to make a connection to the creator.
Everybody, no matter what vocation they're looking at, should add music as an essential to their curriculum. Music can be a very important part of your soul and your growth as a human being. It's so powerful.
I think of a piece of music as something that comes alive when it is being performed, and I feel that my role in the transmission of music is to be its best advocate at that moment.
Rap music is amazing, it's beautiful. But the problem is the lyrics. The person who writes the lyrics - that's the problem.
I feel like soundtrack music is almost like seeing the movie again, but with my ears.
I'm trying to be me and embrace all the parts of me that have grown up, listened to more music and soaked up more influences.
It's really about making the best music you can make. It's really about working hard.
I remain loyal to Bach, Mozart, Beethoven and Schubert in music and to Shakespeare and Jane Austen in literature.
An intelligent person feels guilty for downloading music without paying the musician, but they use this free-open-culture ideology to cover it.
My secret ambition was always to provide music for animation films: something with an Indian theme, either a fairy tale or mythological tale or on the Krishna theme. I still have a very deep desire, but these sorts of chances don't always come.
Cuba is such a beautiful country, and everywhere you go, there's music and people dancing - especially in Havana.
Post-Modernism was a reaction against Modernism. It came quite early to music and literature, and a little later to architecture. And I think it's still coming to computer science.
I'm a fan of all these genres of music, everything from Mumford &amp; Sons to Beach Boys to doo-wop music to reggae.
I've always made music that was representative of real life.
Being a professional musician doesn't mean you spend 12 hours a day playing music. It means you spend up to 12 hours a day taking care of business, dealing with litigation, with the various characters who've stolen your interests, or fending off hostile lawsuits from former members of the band.
I think music should be experienced by people all ages.
The show business has all phases and grades of dignity, from the exhibition of a monkey to the exposition of that highest art in music or the drama which secures for the gifted artists a world-wide fame princes well might envy.
It was so wonderful outside that even the wild senselessness of this enormous death, whose music I hear again and again, could not disturb me from my great enjoyment!
The one thing I wanted to do more than anything else was sing country music.
The Beach Boys are not a superstar group. The music is the superstar of the group.
I have a great body, I really do. But I want to be taken seriously as an artist, and wearing anything that shows it off will be a distraction from the music. That's how my signature uniform, my tuxedo, came about. It's classic and timeless. You'll see me in black, white, and a pop of color on my lips. That pop adds a little magic.
As a musician usually music is your way out.
Trance is a very emotional and uplifting form of dance music. It appeals to many people in this way having such a strong connection with emotions. It makes people happy and ready to party.
A translation is no translation, he said, unless it will give you the music of a poem along with the words of it.
Music is a powerful tool in galvanizing people around an issue. There's no better way to get your point across than to put it in a beautiful song.
It is one thing to record an album but it's a huge difference when people play it and listen to it and embrace it the way that I do. It has always been my dream to get my music out to the world and have people hear it.
You know, traditional country music is something that's going to be around forever.
I never set out to be part of a genre, because I listen to all types of music.
'The Beatles' did whatever they wanted. They were a collection of influences adapted to songs they wanted to write. George Harrison was instrumental in bringing in Indian music. Paul McCartney was a huge Little Richard fan. John Lennon was into minimalist aggressive rock.
I dare suggest that the composer would do himself and his music an immediate and eventual service by total, resolute and voluntary withdrawal from this public world to one of private performance and electronic media.
My music is a luxury.
The fame and the money and all that stuff that comes along with it is all great, but that's not the sole purpose of why I make music.
Once I accomplish one thing and I'm satisfied, I try something else. I may be 50 and doing something totally outside of music and acting. Maybe I'll become a kindergarten teacher.
My music has a very spiritual background, a sanctity that is almost like worship.
There is something comforting about going into a practice room, putting your sheet music on a stand and playing Bach over and over again.
There are only two things: love, all sorts of love, with pretty girls, and the music of New Orleans or Duke Ellington. Everything else ought to go, because everything else is ugly.
I feel like good music comes and goes in waves.
Being in Blur has allowed me to travel and hear the music that's being made all over the world.
You can fill this table up with people who are racist, homophobic, Satanist worshippers, sexist and we can be arguing but if you put on a song, I guarantee that people will stop and listen and that's what I love about music, it can bring people together.
I have always been far more interested in sound than technique, and how sounds work together, how they can be layered. I think electronic music, in its infancy anyway, allowed us to create music in a way that hadn't really been possible before. It created a new kind of musician.
It's not that people don't like classical music. It's that they don't have the chance to understand and to experience it.
That's what drew me to rock music in the first place - that sense of remaking the world on your own terms.
Music at times is more like perfume than mathematics.
Music should be able to invoke the natural emotions in all human beings. Music is not notes fixed on apiece of paper.
Jazz to me is a living music. It's a music that since its beginning has expressed the feelings, the dreams, hopes, of the people.
Music is art to me, and you don't censor art. You don't go into a museum and censor things.
Music is such an important part of my life.
I just try to play music from my heart and bring as much beauty as I can to as many people as I can. Just give them other alternatives, especially people who aren't exposed to creative music.
STREET by 50 is all about giving our fans the finest music experience we possibly can. The response to the limited edition colors so far speaks for itself - the fans want the opportunity to match their headphones to their personal style, and we definitely want to make sure to give them what they want.
The Internet is both great and terrible. As a source of information, a tool for delivering music and art, it's great. But spamming ads and piracy of music is terrible. It's stealing.
I wanted a name I could shape the music towards. I was going to Miami quite a lot at the time, speaking a lot of Spanish with my friends from Cuba - 'Lana Del Rey' reminded us of the glamour of the seaside. It sounded gorgeous coming off the tip of the tongue.
I adore watching movies; movie marathons are my favorite pastime. I can watch up to five movies back to back. I also love music and like reading whenever I get the time.
To stop the flow of music would be like the stopping of time itself, incredible and inconceivable.
I think we're returning to more of the original vibration of music and creativity through the removal of this distortion called the music industry. That's where we're heading. And it'll cut out a lot of music if people ever expected to make money.
I grew up overseas in Indonesia, and my school had a great art, music, and theatre program.
We love not just Judas Priest music, but we love heavy metal and we love to get out on that stage every night and perform. It's a joy to be able to do it.
It's hard to decide how to match words to music. It's not like it's twice the work. It's always difficult for me to explain to the composer what I'm looking for. I'm not a professional; I lack even basic knowledge about writing music.
Ballroom is two people dancing together to music, touching in perfect harmony.
Music is something that's always been a huge part of my life.
I've looked at pictures that my mom has of me, from when I was four years old at the turntable. I'm there, reaching up to play the records. I feel like I was bred to do what I do. I've been into music, and listening to music and critiquing it, my whole life.
You can be creative in anything - in math, science, engineering, philosophy - as much as you can in music or in painting or in dance.
One thing that really appeals to me is this idea of music being a living thing that has an evolution that, in a way, enables the artist to sell a process rather than a piece of product.
Music, as many people have said, is the universal language. Of course points are made which make you think about things, but ultimately it makes you feel. And that's why people remember more songs that have meant something during their life than films. They start to define periods in your life, and that's kind of the beauty of it.
The end of all good music is to affect the soul.
There's nothing better than live music. It's raw energy, and raw energy feeds the soul.
And so for a couple of years my life was divided between my music and my school books.
Singing is my passion, my first love and the secret of my energy. Music to me is like finding my inner self, my soul. It gives me a great joy to see audiences enjoying with me. I have given my heart to singing. When I sing, I can feel romance in everything around me.
If a guy's got it, let him give it. I'm selling music, not prejudice.
Describing Woodstock as the 'big bang,' I think that's a great way to describe it, because the important thing about it wasn't how many people were there or that it was a lot of truly wonderful music that got played.
I grew up thinking art was pictures until I got into music and found I was an artist and didn't paint.
Napster works because people who love music share and participate.
Essentially my contribution was to introduce repetition into Western music as the main ingredient without any melody over it, without anything just repeated patterns, musical patterns.
My mum was never strict. I was allowed to go out to clubs underage, watch TV, listen to whatever music I wanted to, and that made me not rebel. I have never touched a drug in my life.
I agree with you about the music of today. It lacks style and emotion.
Composing music is hard work.
As a youngster, I never dreamed there could be a career actually earning a living writing music.
Napster hijacked our music without asking. They never sought our permission. Our catalog of music simply became available as free downloads on the Napster system.
Because of piracy there has been a massive downturn in people buying music, which makes it more difficult for artists to make money from the sale of records.
A name doesn't make the music. It's just called that to differentiate it from other types of music.
I think music can really affect people's emotions and, when I am about to get into a race car, I definitely listen to music with a good beat - that's when you've got the adrenalin pumping. And the time before you go into a race weekend, you have a lot of emotion and adrenalin, and a lot of focus.
If something happened where I couldn't write music anymore, it would kill me. It's not just a job. It's not just a hobby. It's why I get up in the morning.
I see architecture not as Gropius did, as a moral venture, as truth, but as invention, in the same way that poetry or music or painting is invention.
Music has shaped men's fashion, and transposed in a playful and witty manner its riding or military heritage. It is difficult to figure out who leads, but music and fashion are connected genetically.
Jazz music and, more specifically, jazz musicians, are my artistic heroes. I want to be the Thelonious Monk of acting. He had no concern for how well he was received. He played whatever he wanted whenever he wanted. He just wasn't interested in achieving the good opinion of his audience. That's the Holy Grail of acting; of any art form.
New Orleans is unlike any city in America. Its cultural diversity is woven into the food, the music, the architecture - even the local superstitions. It's a sensory experience on all levels and there's a story lurking around every corner.
Music is the medicine of the mind.
When my time ends, I want people to say, 'Man her music made me smile; it just enlightened my life; it inspired me; it made me feel good every time.'
Normally, things are viewed in these little segmented boxes. There's classical, and then there's jazz; romantic, and then there's baroque. I find that very dissatisfying. I was trying to find the thread that connects one type of music - one type of musician - to another, and to follow that thread in some kind of natural, evolutionary way.
My music is jazz.
Color is everywhere, so everything has changed. I still can't see color, but I can perceive it. I can experience it in a way that allows me to be a part of this reality, which I was excluded from before. Thanks to the eyeborg, I've made a career by combining music and art.
When I was 14, I came very close to becoming a gay teen suicide 'statistic,' but I then turned to music, my piano, my loved ones, and discovered that it does in fact get better.
When I think of music, I think of music in its totality, complete. From the lowest blues to the highest symphony, you know, so what I'd like to do is exemplify each style of as many periods as I can possibly do.
I love what I do and the music I make and the bands I've done, especially Fall Out Boy. I also love what I love, and I don't care if other people like it.
I play guitar and write music, and that's definitely a huge part of my life, but it's my personal thing that I have for me.
If I were to explore music, I'd want to just focus on that and make that my priority.
Singing instrumental music is most important because, while you play an instrument, you are singing through the instrument... actually, you are singing inside.
Pop music has greater power to change people and to affect people because it's a universal language. You don't have to understand music to understand the power of a pop song.
I've accomplished enough with the music that I haven't had to go out there and do other things to over-saturate.
My skin is hard when it comes to my music. But with my movies, I'm still a virgin in a lot of ways. I'm not used to being shot down for no reason.
Music for me, it demands full concentration.
A 'scream' is always just that - a noise and not music.
I became interested in folk music because I had to make it somehow.
You can't imagine parlor ballads drifting out of high-rise multi-towered buildings. That kind of music existed in a more timeless state of life.
Every day that is born into the world comes like a burst of music and rings the whole day through, and you make of it a dance, a dirge, or a life march, as you will.
Here's the thing with me and the religious thing. This is the flat-out truth: I find the religiosity and philosophy in the music. I don't find it anywhere else.
Look, when I started out, mainstream culture was Sinatra, Perry Como, Andy Williams, Sound of Music. There was no fitting into it then and of course, there's no fitting into it now.
I'm a provincial. I live very much like a hermit: reading, listening to music, working in the cutting room, writing, commercial work - which doesn't take up that much time.
Some music really does suck!
It is as absurd to say that a man can't love one woman all the time as it is to say that a violinist needs several violins to play the same piece of music.
The world's a better place since I chose music.
I love Wagner, but the music I prefer is that of a cat hung up by its tail outside a window and trying to stick to the panes of glass with its claws.
I believe that music is a force in itself. It is there and it needs an outlet, a medium. In a way, we are just the medium.
I listened, motionless and still; And, as I mounted up the hill, The music in my heart I bore, Long after it was heard no more.
I decided to make music again at a time when I couldn't have had more obstacles.
Art gives me the freedom I don't have when I make music.
It is a wise tune that knows its own father, and I like my music to be the legitimate offspring of respectable parents.
I can't satisfy myself with just trying to tie all of my imagination into music, especially when music is not appreciated as an art form as much as it used to be.
We live in the mind, in ideas, in fragments. We no longer drink in the wild outer music of the streets - we remember only.
For me, genres are a way for people to easily categorize music. But it doesn't have to define you. It doesn't have to limit you.
Music is my shining light, my favorite thing in the world. T get me to stop doing it for one second would be difficult!
Music is harmony, harmony is perfection, perfection is our dream, and our dream is heaven.
Most of my fans, if you were to look on their iPods, you'd see every possible genre of music represented in some capacity.
I've made sure that in any situation and with any record label, I'm allowed to write my own music.
I feel like in my music I can be a rebel. I can say things I wouldn't say in real life.
I've never wanted to use my age as a gimmick, as something that would get me ahead of other people. I've wanted the music to do that.
Music is a means of giving form to our inner feelings, without attaching them to events or objects in the world.
Music, the greatest good that mortals know and all of heaven we have hear below.
Music is essentially useless, as is life.
Listen to your inner-voice: Surround yourself with loving, nurturing people. Fall in love with your art and find yourself. Music is the great communicator.
When she had passed, it seemed like the ceasing of exquisite music.
The business aspect is one of the most important things about having a music career, because every choice you make in a management meeting affects your life a year-and-a-half from now.
There is nothing stable in the world; uproar's your only music.
Extraordinary how potent cheap music is.
I think that when you're making your way up in the music industry, you have all these heroes and the reasons why they are your heroes. As soon as you get into the industry, your guidelines change a little bit. For me, my heroes now are great people first and great artists second.
I've never thought about any kind of prejudice about women in country music because I never felt like it affected me. I was fortunate enough to come about in a time when I didn't feel that kind of energy at all, and it was always my theory that if you want to play in the same ballgame as the boys, you've got to work as hard as them.
So many girls come up and say to me, 'I have never listened to country music in my life. I didn't even know my town had a country-music station. Then I got your record, and now I'm obsessed.' That's the coolest compliment to me.
Lean your body forward slightly to support the guitar against your chest, for the poetry of the music should resound in your heart.
For me, writing a song, I sit down and the process doesn't really involve me thinking about the demographic of people I'm trying to hit or who I want to be able to relate to the song or what genre of music it falls under.
I like the way the stories of my relationships sound to music more than the way they look in print, in gossip columns or in me talking about them in interviews. I think it's a better way of telling the stories.
Since I was a kid, music was what I wanted to do. I thought I could make it by my own talents. That's what I wanted to prove.
It never mattered to me that people in school didn't think that country music was cool, and they made fun of me for it - though it did matter to me that I was not wearing the clothes that everybody was wearing at that moment. But at some point, I was just like, 'I like wearing sundresses and cowboy boots.'
One of my goals from really early on was that if I was ever fortunate enough to be successful in music, I would want to stay the same person and the same songwriter.
When I'm writing a record, I kind of don't listen to much music. Just because I want to be inspired solely on the emotion; just based on how it feels.
I think the first thing you should know is that nobody in country music 'made it' the same way. It's all different. There's no blueprint for success, and sometimes you just have to work at it.
Music is a great energizer. It's a language everybody knows.
I believe that music is another form of news. Music is another form of journalism to me so I have to cover all the areas with my album.
A lot of country music is sad.
Human speech is like a cracked kettle on which we tap crude rhythms for bears to dance to, while we long to make music that will melt the stars.
I'm enamored with the art world. Anytime you look at anything that's considered artistic, there's a commercial world around it: the ballet, opera, any kind of music. It can't exist without it.
Music is a fantastic peacekeeper of the world, it is integral to harmony, and it is a required fundamental of human emotion.
No matter how many times people say it - 'Oh, I'm just writing this for myself' 'Oh, I'm just doing this for myself' - nobody's doing it for themselves! You're doing it for an audience. So whether I'm performing or writing a book or playing music, it's definitely to be put out there and to be received in some way, definitely.
I like all kinds of music. I listen to Abigail Washburn, the Punch Brothers, and Marc Johnson, the great clawhammer player. I also listen a lot to Sirius Radio, there's a lot of bluegrass there.
Rock and Roll: Music for the neck downwards.
Music, when soft voices die Vibrates in the memory.
I used to work in the cotton fields a lot when I was young. There were a lot of African Americans working out there. A lot of Mexicans - the blacks and the whites and the Mexicans, all out there singing, and it was like an opera in the cotton fields, and I can still hear it in the music that I write and play today.
I think Ray Charles did as much as anybody when he did his country music album. Ray Charles broke down borders and showed the similarities between country music and R&amp;B.
I grew up across the street from, you know, the Villarias, which was a great Mexican family there. In fact, there was three houses right across the street from me. So, day and night, I listened to Mexican music, and I'm sure, you know, my guitar playing, singing, writing, whatever, has a lot of Mexican flavor there, but it comes natural.
We're five people, five individuals who came together to create something, to make music and to complete each other musically, to form a perfect circle.
I believe music should reflect yourself in some way and not just yourself at the given time. I feel that when you die or when you're going, someone's supposed to listen to that music and know everything about you. And I just try to get that across.
The romantic embrace can only be compared with music and with prayer.
Music was invented to confirm human loneliness.
Music is like a huge release of tension.
Music must take rank as the highest of the fine arts - as the one which, more than any other, ministers to the human spirit.
Listening to soft music and the sound of the ocean is quite relaxing to me.
What is music. A passion for colonies not a love of country.
I don't like painting flowers in my music. I like painting guts and pain.
I dropped out of NYU, moved out of my parent's house, got my own place, and survived on my own. I made music and worked my way from the bottom up.
Christianity helps us face the music even when we don't like the tune.
Music is what I love to do; it's in my veins.
My best hostess tip is to have good food and really good music!
Stone walls confine a tinker; cold iron binds a witch; but a musician's music can never be fettered, for it lives first in her heart and mind.
Pop music will never be low brow.
To know how to suggest is the great art of teaching. To attain it we must be able to guess what will interest; we must learn to read the childish soul as we might a piece of music. Then, by simply changing the key, we keep up the attraction and vary the song.
A verbal art like poetry is reflective; it stops to think. Music is immediate, it goes on to become.
I'll give up this sort of touring madness certainly, but music-everything is based on music. No, I'll never stop my music.
Pop stardom is not very compelling. I'm much more interested in a relationship between performer and audience that is of equals. I came up through folk music, and there's no pomp and circumstance to the performance. There's no, like, 'I'll be the rock star, you be the adulating fan.'
Good music is very close to primitive language.
My dad, bless him, was a musician. And his dad had thought that his music was rubbish.
Every act, every deed of justice and mercy and benevolence, makes heavenly music in Heaven.
I need music. It's like my heartbeat, so to speak. It keeps me going no matter what's going on - bad games, press, whatever!
Why do musicians give so much time to charitable causes? The most humanitarian cause that we can give our time to is the creation and performance of music itself.
I hope that what you take away from my album is not just the music - which I did want to be fun, and I did want it to be about individuality, but please also take away from it that there's no dream that's too big.
You just pick up a chord, go twang, and you're got music.
Reading is more of a left-brain process, and listening to music is a right-brain function.
Music fills in for words a lot of the time when people don't know what to say, and I think music can be more eloquent than words.
Agressive music can only shock you once. Afterwards its impact declines. It's inevitable.
But I feel music has a very important role in ritual activity, and that being able to join in musical activity, along with dancing, could have been necessary at a very early stage of human culture.
I think ABBA have a pure joy to their music and that's what makes them extraordinary.
This music won't do. There's not enough sarcasm in it.
I think what made it difficult for people to get, and still makes it difficult for people to get, is the theatrical nature of the work and the fact that, my music doesn't exist without the performance-art element.
I think that we all have to have that rite of passage of dating the tortured artist who seems cooler than we think we are; we aspire to be like them, and we're excited that somebody is turning us on to new music or a new lifestyle.
Music is the only language in which you cannot say a mean or sarcastic thing.
For some reason, the evolutionists have not come up with an evolution-based explanation for why human beings react so powerfully to music. But surely they will.
The field of the novel is very rich. If you're a composer, you're well aware of the history of composition, and you are trying to make your music part of that history. You're not ahistorical. In the same way, I think, if you write now, you are writing in the historical context of what the novel has been and what possibilities it has revealed.
Music will save the world.
Unless I am both capable of and willing to reopen the wound every time I write a song, if I choose to not look inside myself to write music, I'm really not worth being called an artist at all.
What I like about pop music, and why I'm still attracted to it, is that in the end it becomes our folk music.
When people hear good music, it makes them homesick for something they never had, and never will have.
My job in this life is to give people spiritual ecstasy through music. In my concerts people cry, laugh, dance. If they climaxed spiritually, I did my job. I did it decently and honestly.
No press, no television. If my mom calls and says, 'Did you hear about?' I don't want to know nothing about anything that is going on in relation to music. I shut it all off.
The music business is motivated by money. Music is motivated by energy and feelings.
I want you to feel happy and enjoy the theatre of my life the way that I do. No matter what happens with my music and wherever I go - that heart of that glamorous girl in New York will never be gone.
They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art.
Rock music is niche.
I always think I'm the Tom Cruise of music - a lot of success and fans, but no critics, darling.
My husband John Lennon was a very special man. A man of humble origin, he brought light and hope to the whole world with his words and music.
People make music to get a reaction. Music is communication.
The music of Hendrix wakes people up to their possibilities. It's more than just dreaming about being a guitar hero.
Music is the career I'm lucky enough to get paid for, but I have other desires and passions.
Well, I'll tell you, I don't know how aware teenagers are of me. I think it really depends on the teenager and how well-versed in music they are and what kind of music they like.
I think we're about ready for a new feeling to enter music. I think that will come from the Arabic world.
Have you listened to the radio lately? Have you heard the canned, frozen and processed product being dished up to the world as American popular music today?
We believe in the almighty and we believe in God and that music is from God and we're inspired by God to give messages and ideas to people.
Why be in music, why write songs, if you can't use them to explore life or an idealized vision of life? I believe a lot of our lives are spent asleep, and what I've been trying to do is hold on to those moments when a little spark cuts through the fog and nudges you.
Music is like my security blanket.
I had to resign myself, many years ago, that I'm not too articulate when it comes to explaining how I feel about things. But my music does it for me, it really does.
We are the music makers. We are the dreamers of the dream.
I am severely distracted these days. It's hard to sit in front of the computer, uploading bad music for hours, when you have a wonderful boyfriend who treats you like a Goddess.
I don't have very sophisticated taste in music. I listen to a lot of folk music. I like reggae.
Alas! all music jars when the soul's out of tune.
Manipulating shadows and tonality is like writing music or a poem.
You know, the BBC had not been particularly generous in its deliverance of blues and esoteric kinds of music.
I found music to be the therapy of choice. I guess it is for a lot of people.
Rock n' Roll came from the slaves singing gospel in the fields. Their lives were hell and they used music to lift out of it, to take them away. That's what rock n' roll should do - take you to a better place.
I suspect music is auditory cheesecake, an exquisite confection crafted to tickle the sensitive spots of... our mental faculties.
I think music is the most phenomenal platform for intellectual thought.
Music is for every single person that walks the planet.
Perhaps when music has been shouting for so long, a quieter voice seems attractive.
I was born and trained to communicate music, just as the sons were born and trained to hunt, and I was lucky to have grown up in Hungary, a country that lives and breathes music-that has a passionate belief in the power of music as a celebration of life.
The best, most beautiful, and most perfect way that we have of expressing a sweet concord of mind to each other is by music.
Boy bands should be exploded from a great height. They're just pretty people singing music written by others.
When I finish something, I want it out that day. Pop music is like the daily paper. Its got to be there then, not six months later.
In England and Europe, we have this huge music called ambient - ambient techno, ambient house, ambient hip-hop, ambient this, ambient that.
Lyrics are always misleading because they make people think that that's what the music is about.
I wanted to get rid of the element that had been considered essential in pop music: the voice.
We're a bit flashy, but the music's not one big noise.
I think that is what film and art and music do; they can work as a map of sorts for your feelings.
I would say that although my music may be or may have been part of the cultural background fabric of the gay community, I consider myself an outsider who belongs everywhere and nowhere... Being a human being is what truly counts. That's where you'll find me.
Pop is actually my least favorite kind of music, because it lacks real depth.
I've been really enjoying writing articles and writing music and music for movies.
Every so often, I feel I should graduate to classical music, properly. But the truth is, I'm more likely to listen to rock music.
One often makes music to supplement one's world.
Music and silence combine strongly because music is done with silence, and silence is full of music.
This was a time frame when dance music and clubs were having a real impact on culture, and it had an impact on me.
Why is it that English, drama and music teachers are most often recalled as our mentors and inspirations? Maybe because artists are rarely members of the popular crowd.
A woman's two cents worth is worth two cents in the music business.
Music television is all about the media-oriented version of what it is to be a rock star; it's not about what Bob Dylan or Jimi Hendrix were about - which included great images, sure, but they had spiritual and political and revolutionary content, too.
More than art, more than literature, music is universally accessible.
The great music for so many artists - the Beatles, the Rolling Stones - was always at the moment when they were closest to pop. It would be easy for U2 to go off and have a concept album, but I want us to stay in the pop fray.
DJs are in incredible competition, musically. And they are the most musically creative and sensitive people in all the music charts. I am amazed how they are.
We used to play music for fun. Much more than now. Now nobody picks up a guitar unless they're paid for it.
I'd much rather go out and have music randomly presented to me by different DJs than stay home and discover it on my own.
Music is the effort we make to explain to ourselves how our brains work. We listen to Bach transfixed because this is listening to a human mind.
Bluegrass has brought more people together and made more friends than any music in the world. You meet people at festivals and renew acquaintances year after year.
I believe there are certain things that God uses to get us out of a bad situation, and I believe music was one of the things he used for me.
There will be no new music until it's good enough and until I'm ready.
Music is always a reflection of what's going on in the hearts and minds of the culture.
People are going deaf because music is played louder and louder, but because they're going deaf, it has to be played louder still.
I always thought martial arts was the most modern choreography we could have right now, and I always wanted to put it to music.
I love pop music. It's not easy to write a good pop song.
Music can describe emotions far more accurately than words ever can. As soon as I realised that, I knew music was where I wanted to be.
I came into music just because I wanted the bread. It's true. I looked around and this seemed like the only way I was going to get the kind of bread I wanted.
As a musician and a songwriter, it is an act of the ego to believe that other people might be interested in your point of view. But it is usually an empathetic nature that gets you going in the first place. Music keeps the heart porous in many ways.
Drummers are conductors - we set the pace for the music - so if you're not relaxed and feeling right, the whole thing goes out the window.
If your child marches to a different beat, a different drummer, you might just have to go along with that music. Help them achieve what's important to them.
I want to grow as an artist, and I'm taking a step out. I want my music to mature.
I think I'm probably gonna quit music.
Music bypasses the brain and goes straight to the heart. I wish my life had more of it.
I think everything Joni Mitchell did for music was big.
Pop music I have always loved best. But the more extreme, fascist-led examples of the music business I tend to detest the most.
I felt I really wanted to back off from music completely and just work within the visual arts in some way. I started painting quite passionately at that time.
Without David Bowie, popular music as we know it pretty much wouldn't exist.
Through Kurt I saw the beauty of minimalism and the importance of music that's stripped down.
What is music about? You can't listen to one era, one composer, and know what music is about.
Nothing is written in stone. So don't prepare yourself for a long and lucrative career. You might die tomorrow. Your gold holdings might become dust. Just make the music you want to make now and enjoy it.
I think there is a big difference between the music business and music. And my relationship is to music, not music business. I think the business will keep changing, but music won't. Music will be there.
Where painting is weakest, namely, in the expression of the highest moral and spiritual ideas, there music is sublimely strong.
You used to have to sing and convey emotion, and now, well, technically you can do anything with technology. It sucks for music today, but that's why that old music feels so good to me.
All bad poetry springs from genuine feeling.
A poet can survive everything but a misprint.
Poetry is a deal of joy and pain and wonder, with a dash of the dictionary.
Poetry is when an emotion has found its thought and the thought has found words.
A poem begins as a lump in the throat, a sense of wrong, a homesickness, a lovesickness.
Poetry is not a turning loose of emotion, but an escape from emotion; it is not the expression of personality, but an escape from personality. But, of course, only those who have personality and emotions know what it means to want to escape from these things.
Poetry is what gets lost in translation.
Poetry is the rhythmical creation of beauty in words.
Poetry is nearer to vital truth than history.
I was reading the dictionary. I thought it was a poem about everything.
Genuine poetry can communicate before it is understood.
Painting is silent poetry, and poetry is painting that speaks.
One merit of poetry few persons will deny: it says more and in fewer words than prose.
The poets have been mysteriously silent on the subject of cheese.
Poetry is an echo, asking a shadow to dance.
A poet is, before anything else, a person who is passionately in love with language.
A poet's work is to name the unnameable, to point at frauds, to take sides, start arguments, shape the world, and stop it going to sleep.
To have great poets, there must be great audiences.
Poetry is the opening and closing of a door, leaving those who look through to guess about what is seen during the moment.
No poems can please for long or live that are written by water drinkers.
To see clearly is poetry, prophecy and religion all in one.
Always be a poet, even in prose.
Poetry is the synthesis of hyacinths and biscuits.
Poetry is all that is worth remembering in life.
Poetry is just the evidence of life. If your life is burning well, poetry is just the ash.
God is the perfect poet.
Any healthy man can go without food for two days - but not without poetry.
Poetry is the art of uniting pleasure with truth.
Poetry heals the wounds inflicted by reason.
Poets are the unacknowledged legislators of the world.
'Therefore' is a word the poet must not know.
A poem is true if it hangs together. Information points to something else. A poem points to nothing but itself.
Poetry should... should strike the reader as a wording of his own highest thoughts, and appear almost a remembrance.
A poem is never finished, only abandoned.
Everything one invents is true, you may be perfectly sure of that. Poetry is as precise as geometry.
Publishing a volume of verse is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.
Poetry is a mirror which makes beautiful that which is distorted.
You will find poetry nowhere unless you bring some of it with you.
He who draws noble delights from sentiments of poetry is a true poet, though he has never written a line in all his life.
There's no money in poetry, but then there's no poetry in money, either.
The poet doesn't invent. He listens.
The poet is a liar who always speaks the truth.
A poet's autobiography is his poetry. Anything else is just a footnote.
A true poet does not bother to be poetical. Nor does a nursery gardener scent his roses.
Poetry: the best words in the best order.
If you cannot be a poet, be the poem.
A poet looks at the world the way a man looks at a woman.
If Galileo had said in verse that the world moved, the inquisition might have let him alone.
There is poetry as soon as we realize that we possess nothing.
Every single soul is a poem.
Breathe-in experience, breathe-out poetry.
Children and lunatics cut the Gordian knot which the poet spends his life patiently trying to untie.
No poem is easily grasped; so why should any reader expect fast results?
Poetry is ordinary language raised to the Nth power. Poetry is boned with ideas, nerved and blooded with emotions, all held together by the delicate, tough skin of words.
To read a poem is to hear it with our eyes; to hear it is to see it with our ears.
Poetry is thoughts that breathe, and words that burn.
You don't have to suffer to be a poet; adolescence is enough suffering for anyone.
It may be said that poems are in one way like icebergs: only about a third of their bulk appears above the surface of the page.
A poem can have an impact, but you can't expect an audience to understand all the nuances.
If you read quickly to get through a poem to what it means, you have missed the body of the poem.
The poet may be used as a barometer, but let us not forget that he is also part of the weather.
The moment of change is the only poem.
I sometimes talk about the making of a poem within the poem.
Poetry is plucking at the heartstrings, and making music with them.
Poetry is language at its most distilled and most powerful.
Poetry is the mother-tongue of the human race.
Each memorable verse of a true poet has two or three times the written content.
Even when poetry has a meaning, as it usually has, it may be inadvisable to draw it out... Perfect understanding will sometimes almost extinguish pleasure.
Poetry is an orphan of silence. The words never quite equal the experience behind them.
We all write poems; it is simply that poets are the ones who write in words.
The poem is a little myth of man's capacity of making life meaningful. And in the end, the poem is not a thing we see-it is, rather, a light by which we may see-and what we see is life.
The novel is born of disillusionment; the poem, of despair.
Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads.
Pain is filtered in a poem so that it becomes finally, in the end, pleasure.
You don't make a poem with ideas, but with words.
Reality only reveals itself when it is illuminated by a ray of poetry.
Everyone thinks they're going to write one book of poems or one novel.
I still read Donne, particularly his love poems.
Sometimes poetry is inspired by the conversation entered into by reading other poems.
Poets are soldiers that liberate words from the steadfast possession of definition.
I like poems that are little games.
Usually a life turned into a poem is misrepresented.
Poetry is the revelation of a feeling that the poet believes to be interior and personal which the reader recognizes as his own.
You don't help people in your poems. I've been trying to help people all my life - that's my trouble.
Wanted: a needle swift enough to sew this poem into a blanket.
The poem is the point at which our strength gave out.
There'll always be working people in my poems because I grew up with them, and I am a poet of memory.
A poem might be defined as thinking about feelings - about human feelings and frailties.
Each word bears its weight, so you have to read my poems quite slowly.
One will never again look at a birch tree, after the Robert Frost poem, in exactly the same way.
However, if a poem can be reduced to a prose sentence, there can't be much to it.
How do poems grow? They grow out of your life.
All religion, my friend, is simply evolved out of fraud, fear, greed, imagination, and poetry.
Pure mathematics is, in its way, the poetry of logical ideas.
When power leads man toward arrogance, poetry reminds him of his limitations. When power narrows the area of man's concern, poetry reminds him of the richness and diversity of existence. When power corrupts, poetry cleanses.
The poetry you read has been written for you, each of you - black, white, Hispanic, man, woman, gay, straight.
I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean.
If I read a book and it makes my whole body so cold no fire can ever warm me, I know that is poetry.
The cloning of humans is on most of the lists of things to worry about from Science, along with behaviour control, genetic engineering, transplanted heads, computer poetry and the unrestrained growth of plastic flowers.
Poetry is the spontaneous overflow of powerful feelings: it takes its origin from emotion recollected in tranquility.
The Bible should be taught, but emphatically not as reality. It is fiction, myth, poetry, anything but reality. As such it needs to be taught because it underlies so much of our literature and our culture.
It is time to get drunk! So as not to be the martyred slaves of Time, get drunk; get drunk without stopping! On wine, on poetry, or on virtue, as you wish.
Wine is bottled poetry.
Personality is everything in art and poetry.
We especially need imagination in science. It is not all mathematics, nor all logic, but it is somewhat beauty and poetry.
The gross heathenism of civilization has generally destroyed nature, and poetry, and all that is spiritual.
Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends.
The poetry of the earth is never dead.
Ye stars! which are the poetry of heaven!
Some say they see poetry in my paintings; I see only science.
Listen, real poetry doesn't say anything; it just ticks off the possibilities. Opens all doors. You can walk through anyone that suits you.
The true spirit of delight, the exaltation, the sense of being more than Man, which is the touchstone of the highest excellence, is to be found in mathematics as surely as poetry.
With me poetry has not been a purpose, but a passion.
It is the hour to be drunken! to escape being the martyred slaves of time, be ceaselessly drunk. On wine, on poetry, or on virtue, as you wish.
When truth has no burning, then it is philosophy, when it gets burning from the heart, it becomes poetry.
Love is the poetry of the senses.
Poetry is finer and more philosophical than history; for poetry expresses the universal, and history only the particular.
I liked to write from the time I was about 12 or 13. I loved to read. And since I only spoke to my brother, I would write down my thoughts. And I think I wrote some of the worst poetry west of the Rockies. But by the time I was in my 20s, I found myself writing little essays and more poetry - writing at writing.
If my poetry aims to achieve anything, it's to deliver people from the limited ways in which they see and feel.
The dance can reveal everything mysterious that is hidden in music, and it has the additional merit of being human and palpable. Dancing is poetry with arms and legs.
I know some people might think it odd - unworthy even - for me to have written a cookbook, but I make no apologies. The U.S. poet laureate Billy Collins thought I had demeaned myself by writing poetry for Hallmark Cards, but I am the people's poet so I write for the people.
I think that there is nothing, not even crime, more opposed to poetry, to philosophy, ay, to life itself than this incessant business.
I'm sorry, man, but I've got magic. I've got poetry in my fingertips. Most of the time - and this includes naps - I'm an F-18, bro. And I will destroy you in the air. I will deploy my ordinance to the ground.
If I feel physically as if the top of my head were taken off, I know that is poetry.
The drama is complete poetry. The ode and the epic contain it only in germ; it contains both of them in a state of high development, and epitomizes both.
Poetry and music are very good friends. Like mommies and daddies and strawberries and cream - they go together.
My mother asked me what I wanted for my birthday, so I said I wanted to read poetry with her.
I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the rhythmical creation of Beauty.
Real friendship, like real poetry, is extremely rare - and precious as a pearl.
My subject is War, and the pity of War. The Poetry is in the pity.
As things are, and as fundamentally they must always be, poetry is not a career, but a mug's game. No honest poet can ever feel quite sure of the permanent value of what he has written: He may have wasted his time and messed up his life for nothing.
Poetry is the one place where people can speak their original human mind. It is the outlet for people to say in public what is known in private.
Poetry should help, not only to refine the language of the time, but to prevent it from changing too rapidly.
Every age has its own poetry; in every age the circumstances of history choose a nation, a race, a class to take up the torch by creating situations that can be expressed or transcended only through poetry.
The business of the poet is not to find new emotions, but to use the ordinary ones and, in working them up into poetry, to express feelings which are not in actual emotions at all.
When it comes to atoms, language can be used only as in poetry. The poet, too, is not nearly so concerned with describing facts as with creating images.
Poetry, even when apparently most fantastic, is always a revolt against artifice, a revolt, in a sense, against actuality.
Poetry is not only dream and vision; it is the skeleton architecture of our lives. It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before.
Music begins to atrophy when it departs too far from the dance... poetry begins to atrophy when it gets too far from music.
If the object of poetry is, to make men, then poetry is the heir of prophecy.
I grew up in this town, my poetry was born between the hill and the river, it took its voice from the rain, and like the timber, it steeped itself in the forests.
Sometimes the beauty is easy. Sometimes you don't have to try at all. Sometimes you can hear the wind blow in a handshake. Sometimes there's poetry written right on the bathroom wall.
Poetry isn't a profession, it's a way of life. It's an empty basket; you put your life into it and make something out of that.
Poetry is simply the most beautiful, impressive, and widely effective mode of saying things.
Poetry is not an expression of the party line. It's that time of night, lying in bed, thinking what you really think, making the private world public, that's what the poet does.
There are men who can write poetry, and there are men who can read balance sheets. The men who can read balance sheets cannot write.
To design is much more than simply to assemble, to order, or even to edit: it is to add value and meaning, to illuminate, to simplify, to clarify, to modify, to dignify, to dramatize, to persuade, and perhaps even to amuse. To design is to transform prose into poetry.
I wrote some of the worst poetry west from the Mississippi River, but I wrote. And I finally sometimes got it right.
Superstition is the poetry of life.
Poetry has done enough when it charms, but prose must also convince.
Poetry may make us from time to time a little more aware of the deeper, unnamed feelings which form the substratum of our being, to which we rarely penetrate; for our lives are mostly a constant evasion of ourselves.
Poetry surrounds us everywhere, but putting it on paper is, alas, not so easy as looking at it.
Why should poetry have to make sense?
It's bad poetry executed by people that can't sing. That's my definition of Rap.
Nobody, I think, ought to read poetry, or look at pictures or statues, who cannot find a great deal more in them than the poet or artist has actually expressed. Their highest merit is suggestiveness.
At the age when Bengali youth almost inevitably writes poetry, I was listening to European classical music.
The fact of the matter is that the most unexpected and miraculous thing in my life was the arrival in it of poetry itself - as a vocation and an elevation almost.
The poetry of a people comes from the deep recesses of the unconscious, the irrational and the collective body of our ancestral memories.
Writing a book of poetry is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo.
And New York is the most beautiful city in the world? It is not far from it. No urban night is like the night there... Squares after squares of flame, set up and cut into the aether. Here is our poetry, for we have pulled down the stars to our will.
Everything is complicated; if that were not so, life and poetry and everything else would be a bore.
I came to poetry through the urgent need to denounce injustice, exploitation, humiliation. I know that's not enough to change the world. But to remain silent would have been a kind of intolerable complicity.
Colloquial poetry is to the real art as the barber's wax dummy is to sculpture.
Art works because it appeals to certain faculties of the mind. Music depends on details of the auditory system, painting and sculpture on the visual system. Poetry and literature depend on language.
There are certain things in which mediocrity is not to be endured, such as poetry, music, painting, public speaking.
I'm fascinated by rap and by hip-hop. I think there's a lot of poetry in it. There's a lot of anger, a lot of social energy in it. And I think you'd better listen to it pretty carefully, 'cause it's important.
Money is a kind of poetry.
I have piles of poetry books in the bathroom, on the stairs, everywhere. The only way to write poetry is to read it.
In a meadow full of flowers, you cannot walk through and breathe those smells and see all those colors and remain angry. We have to support the beauty, the poetry, of life.
What can a pencil do for all of us? Amazing things. It can write transcendent poetry, uplifting music, or life-changing equations; it can sketch the future, give life to untold beauty, and communicate the full-force of our love and aspirations.
Those who say we should dismantle the role of Poet Laureate altogether, the trick they miss is that being called this thing, with the weight of tradition behind it, and with the association of the Royal family, does allow you to have conversations and to open doors, and wallets, for the good of poetry in a way that nothing else would allow.
Hence poetry is something more philosophic and of graver import than history, since its statements are rather of the nature of universals, whereas those of history are singulars.
Science arose from poetry... when times change the two can meet again on a higher level as friends.
The beauty, the poetry of the fear in their eyes. I didn't mind going to jail for, what, five, six hours? It was absolutely worth it.
All slang is metaphor, and all metaphor is poetry.
Poetry fettered, fetters the human race. Nations are destroyed or flourish in proportion as their poetry, painting, and music are destroyed or flourish.
There is no Frigate like a book to take us lands away nor any coursers like a page of prancing Poetry.
It is written on the arched sky; it looks out from every star. It is the poetry of Nature; it is that which uplifts the spirit within us.
The greatest thing a human soul ever does in this world... to see clearly is poetry, prophecy and religion all in one.
Teach you children poetry; it opens the mind, lends grace to wisdom and makes the heroic virtues hereditary.
In the television age, the key distinction is between the candidate who can speak poetry and the one who can only speak prose.
Poetry is the universal language which the heart holds with nature and itself. He who has a contempt for poetry, cannot have much respect for himself, or for anything else.
Dancing is the poetry of the foot.
The completely solitary self: that's where poetry comes from, and it gets isolated by crisis, and those crises are often very intimate also.
Every now and then I read a poem that does touch something in me, but I never turn to poetry for solace or pleasure in the way that I throw myself into prose.
Poetry lifts the veil from the hidden beauty of the world, and makes familiar objects be as if they were not familiar.
When superstition is allowed to perform the task of old age in dulling the human temperament, we can say goodbye to all excellence in poetry, in painting, and in music.
Mathematics is, as it were, a sensuous logic, and relates to philosophy as do the arts, music, and plastic art to poetry.
Poetry is the record of the best and happiest moments of the happiest and best minds.
Poetry involves the mysteries of the irrational perceived through rational words.
Photography, painting or poetry - those are just extensions of me, how I perceive things; they are my way of communicating.
I have nothing to say, I am saying it, and that is poetry.
Poetry is a beautiful way of spoiling prose, and the laborious art of exchanging plain sense for harmony.
You know, people speak in poetry all the time. They just don't realize it.
It's always a combination of physics and poetry that I find inspiring. It's hard to wrap your head around things like the Hubble scope.
Poetry is the work of poets, not of peoples or communities; artistic creation can never be anything but the production of an individual mind.
Experience has taught me, when I am shaving of a morning, to keep watch over my thoughts, because, if a line of poetry strays into my memory, my skin bristles so that the razor ceases to act.
Romance like a ghost escapes touching; it is always where you are not, not where you are. The interview or conversation was prose at the time, but it is poetry in the memory.
The only thing that can save the world is the reclaiming of the awareness of the world. That's what poetry does.
Literature is a state of culture, poetry is a state of grace, before and after culture.
The growth of art seems to be in cycles, and often its vigorous lifetime is restricted to a century or two. The periods of distinctive drama, Greek, English, Spanish, fall within such a limit; the schools of painting and sculpture likewise; and, in poetry, the Victorian age or the school of Pope will serve as examples.
Poetry is truth in its Sunday clothes.
I do not see how a man can work on the frontiers of physics and write poetry at the same time. They are in opposition.
Poetry is the utterance of deep and heart-felt truth - the true poet is very near the oracle.
The world is full of poetry. The air is living with its spirit; and the waves dance to the music of its melodies, and sparkle in its brightness.
Hip-hop is about the brilliance of pavement poetry.
The musician is perhaps the most modest of animals, but he is also the proudest. It is he who invented the sublime art of ruining poetry.
Poetry is above all a concentration of the power of language, which is the power of our ultimate relationship to everything in the universe.
Everyone sort of sees his own life and times as being ephemeral. One thinks that everything good or important that happened, happened in the past. But I think that seeing scenes that you are used to, but with the heightening effects of poetry, perhaps makes you value your life and times more than you might otherwise do.
I joined the army on my seventeenth birthday, full of the romance of war after having read a lot of World War I British poetry and having seen a lot of post-World War II films. I thought the romantic presentations of war influenced my joining and my presentation of war to my younger siblings.
As human beings, we are the only organisms that create for the sheer stupid pleasure of doing so. Whether it's laying out a garden, composing a new tune on the piano, writing a bit of poetry, manipulating a digital photo, redecorating a room, or inventing a new chili recipe - we are happiest when we are creating.
Poetry; a criticism of life under the conditions fixed for such a criticism by the laws of poetic truth and poetic beauty.
There have been two popular subjects for poetry in the last few decades: the Vietnam War and AIDS, about both of which almost all of us have felt deeply.
Science fiction, outside of poetry, is the only literary field which has no limits, no parameters whatsoever.
I wrote some bad poetry that I published in North African journals, but even as I withdrew into this reading, I also led the life of a kind of young hooligan.
There is an urgent need for Americans to look deeply into themselves and their actions, and musical poetry is perhaps the most effective mirror available. Every newspaper headline is a potential song.
I have been enlightened. I have fallen into poetry and it has swallowed me up.
But it is the province of religion, of philosophy, of pure poetry only, to go beyond life, beyond time, into eternity.
Plagiarism has been around far longer than the Internet. In fact, I had a poem published in 'Seventeen' magazine when I was 15 years old. About a year later I was informed that there was a girl who used that same poem to win a statewide poetry competition in Alabama. It took months for people to put together that this had happened.
Too many people in the modern world view poetry as a luxury, not a necessity like petrol. But to me it's the oil of life.
Often people, when they're confronted with a poem, it's like someone who keep saying 'what is the meaning of this? What is the meaning of this?' And that dulls us to the other pleasures poetry offers.
I see architecture not as Gropius did, as a moral venture, as truth, but as invention, in the same way that poetry or music or painting is invention.
One of the things I've always liked about my husband is he's very good at lots of stuff. He was an English teacher when I met him. He wrote poetry and played the guitar. As time went on, he decided to go into economics, so he's very analytical and mathematical in addition to his artsy side.
I read poetry to save time.
Poetry is a way of taking life by the throat.
I don't think I've ever read poetry, ever.
Poetry is about the grief. Politics is about the grievance.
It's not easy to define poetry.
Poetry is the art of substantiating shadows, and of lending existence to nothing.
We make out of the quarrel with others, rhetoric, but of the quarrel with ourselves, poetry.
I've written some poetry I don't understand myself.
I love romantic poetry.
For awhile after you quit Keats all other poetry seems to be only whistling or humming.
When I was writing pretty poor poetry, this girl with midnight black hair told me to go on.
A man of eighty has outlived probably three new schools of painting, two of architecture and poetry and a hundred in dress.
We read Robert Browning's poetry. Here we needed no guidance from the professor: the poems themselves were enough.
Poetry is a phantom script telling how rainbows are made and why they go away.
Poetry is something to make us wiser and better, by continually revealing those types of beauty and truth, which God has set in all men's souls.
Poetry should surprise by a fine excess and not by singularity, it should strike the reader as a wording of his own highest thoughts, and appear almost a remembrance.
Yet, it is true, poetry is delicious; the best prose is that which is most full of poetry.
Write verse, not poetry. The public wants verse. If you have a talent for poetry, then don't by any means mother it, but try your hand at verse.
The sort of poetry I seek resides in objects man can't touch.
The crown of literature is poetry.
Poetry should be great and unobtrusive, a thing which enters into one's soul, and does not startle it or amaze it with itself, but with its subject.
Lean your body forward slightly to support the guitar against your chest, for the poetry of the music should resound in your heart.
Poetry comes from the highest happiness or the deepest sorrow.
I felt like my favorite writers have almost musical hooks in their work, whether it's poetry or a hook at the end of a chapter that makes you want to read the next one. And I think that my favorite writers definitely have something musical about what they do, in saying something so relatable and universal and so simple.
The blood jet is poetry and there is no stopping it.
You will not find poetry anywhere unless you bring some of it with you.
In science one tries to tell people, in such a way as to be understood by everyone, something that no one ever knew before. But in poetry, it's the exact opposite.
But I liked Yeats! That wild Irishman. I really loved his love of language, his flow. His chaotic ideas seemed to me just the right thing for a poet. Passion! He was always on the right side. He may be wrongheaded, but his heart was always on the right side. He wrote beautiful poetry.
I am two fools, I know, for loving, and for saying so in whining poetry.
Poetry is as precise a thing as geometry.
Poetry consists in a rhyming dictionary and things seen.
All one's inventions are true, you can be sure of that. Poetry is as exact a science as geometry.
A verbal art like poetry is reflective; it stops to think. Music is immediate, it goes on to become.
Writing criticism is to writing fiction and poetry as hugging the shore is to sailing in the open sea.
Poetry is a sword of lightning, ever unsheathed, which consumes the scabbard that would contain it.
Thinking in its lower grades, is comparable to paper money, and in its higher forms it is a kind of poetry.
Poetry is emotion put into measure. The emotion must come by nature, but the measure can be acquired by art.
Poetry and progress are like two ambitious men who hate one another with an instinctive hatred, and when they meet upon the same road, one of them has to give place.
Well you can't teach the poetry, but you can teach the craft.
I learn poetry, learn text, and that really keeps you alive.
Poetry is always slightly mysterious, and you wonder what is your relationship to it.
France is not poetic; she even feels, in fact, a congenital horror of poetry. Among the writers who use verse, those whom she will always prefer are the most prosaic.
The poetry of this one is called philosophical, of that one philological, of a third rhetorical, and so on. Which is then the poetic poetry?
Poetry remembers that it was an oral art before it was a written art.
Every American poet feels that the whole responsibility for contemporary poetry has fallen upon his shoulders, that he is a literary aristocracy of one.
If you want to see mankind fully, look at a family. Within the family minds become organically one, and for this reason the family is total poetry.
One has only as much morality as one has philosophy and poetry.
From what the moderns want, we must learn what poetry should become; from what the ancients did, what poetry must be.
The flower is the poetry of reproduction. It is an example of the eternal seductiveness of life.
Maybe it is something to do with age, but I have become fonder of poetry than of prose.
I never really liked poetry readings; I liked to read poetry by myself, but I liked singing, chanting my lyrics to this jazz group.
Poetry is what we turn to in the most emotional moments of our life - when a beloved friend dies, when a baby is born or when we fall in love.
In poetry everything which must be said is almost impossible to say well.
Istanbul is inspiring because it has its own code of architecture, literature, poetry, music.
I gave up on new poetry myself 30 years ago when most of it began to read like coded messages passing between lonely aliens in a hostile world.
As an actor, there is room for a certain amount of creativity, but you're always ultimately going to be saying somebody else's words. I don't think I'd have the stamina, skill or ability to write a novel, but I'd love to write short stories and poetry, because those are my two passions.
I wish our clever young poets would remember my homely definitions of prose and poetry; that is, prose = words in their best order; - poetry = the best words in the best order.
The poet exposes himself to the risk. All that has been said about poetry, all that he has learned about poetry, is only a partial assurance.
When you're going through something, whether it's a wonderful thing like having a child or a sad thing like losing somebody, you often feel like 'Oh my God, I'm so overwhelmed; I'm dealing with this huge thing on my own.' In fact, poetry's a nice reminder that, no, everybody goes through it. These are universal experiences.
A grain of poetry suffices to season a century.
Poetry has been to me its own exceeding great reward; it has given me the habit of wishing to discover the good and beautiful in all that meets and surrounds me.
Poetry is a beautiful way of expressing feelings - happy, sad, angry, caring. It's also a way that we share with other people, to help them with those feelings.
Poetry is adolescence fermented, and thus preserved.
We explore our environment, more than we are compelled to utter poetry, when we're toddlers. We start doing that later. Before that happens, every child is a scientist.
Let's say intelligence is your ability to compose poetry, symphonies, do art, math and science. Chimps can't do any of that, yet we share 99 percent DNA. Everything that we are, that distinguishes us from chimps, emerges from that one-percent difference.
Few rappers realize the genre sprang from West African griots through Delta slave songs to jazz poetry and the comedic trash talk of 'the dozens.'
Living here on Earth, we breathe the rhythms of a universe that extends infinitely above us. When resonant harmonies arise between this vast outer cosmos and the inner human cosmos, poetry is born.
Poetry and beauty are always making peace. When you read something beautiful you find coexistence; it breaks walls down.
I came into music because I thought the presentation of poetry wasn't vibrant enough. So I merged improvised poetry with basic rock chords.
Poetry is not a matter of feelings, it is a matter of language. It is language which creates feelings.
In poetry, you must love the words, the ideas and the images and rhythms with all your capacity to love anything at all.
Poetry is a political act because it involves telling the truth.
The genesis of a poem for me is usually a cluster of words. The only good metaphor I can think of is a scientific one: dipping a thread into a supersaturated solution to induce crystal formation. I don't think I solve problems in my poetry; I think I uncover the problems.
I don't think of poetry as a 'rational' activity but as an aural one. My poems usually begin with words or phrases which appeal more because of their sound than their meaning, and the movement and phrasing of a poem are very important to me.
Only in dreams, in poetry, in play do we sometimes arrive at what we were before we were this thing that, who knows, we are.
Science is for those who learn, poetry is for those who know.
I thought we were gonna open up the world of poetry and music to all kinds of things, and yet, I can't really think of anyone who's done anything like it since.
I always wrote poetry as a teenager and it was always so dark, but it made me feel good to get it out.
I'm conscious of a series of circles working its way through my life. And at this particular moment I have come round to the beginning of my writing cycle. It begins with poetry. There's hardly a day that goes past on which I don't write poetry.
Poetry is something I love to do. Good poetry has an amazing ability to be communicative before it's even understood. I get emotional just from the beauty of words.
I think the term poet is a very exalted term and should be applied to a man at the end of his work. When he looks back over the body of his work and he's written poetry then let the verdict be that he's a poet.
Poetry is really a way of sharing feelings and ideas.
If food is poetry, is not poetry also food?
I always wrote poetry and stuff like that, so putting songs together wasn't that spectacular.
Plot, rules, nor even poetry, are not half so great beauties in tragedy or comedy as a just imitation of nature, of character, of the passions and their operations in diversified situations.
I credit poetry for making this space-walk possible.
What other people may find in poetry or art museums, I find in the flight of a good drive.
I think the first time I really heard poetry was in the schoolyard. Just the little limericks that kids say when they're jumping rope and playing games. I think that's the first time I heard rhyming words - I don't know if I'd call that the definitive poetry, but that's when I heard rhyming words said and not necessarily sung.
I love Sufism as I love beautiful poetry, but it is not the answer. Sufism is like a mirage in the desert. It says to you, come and sit, relax and enjoy yourself for a while.
Rap is poetry set to music. But to me it's like a jackhammer.
There is something about poetry beyond prose logic, there is mystery in it, not to be explained but admired.
In fact, in lyric poetry, truthfulness becomes recognizable as a ring of truth within the medium itself.
Like most lit nerds, I'm a voracious reader. I never got enough poetry under my belt growing up but I do read it - some of my favorites, Gina Franco and Angela Shaw and Cornelius Eady and Kevin Young, remind me daily that unless the words sing and dance, what's the use of putting them down on paper.
I am grateful for - though I can't keep up with - the flood of articles, theses, and textbooks that mean to share insight concerning the nature of poetry.
Romantic poetry had its heyday when people like Lord Byron were kicking it large. But you try and make a living as a poet today, and you'll find it's very different!
A play is basically a long, formalistic polemic. You can write it without the poetry, and if you do, you may have a pretty good play. We know this because we see plays in translation. Not many people speak Norwegian or Danish or whatever guys like Ibsen spoke, or Russian - yet we understand Chekhov and the others.
Composers need words, but they do not necessarily need poetry. The Russian composer, Aleksandr Mossolov, who chose texts from newspaper small ads, had a good point to make. With revolutionary music, any text can be set to work.
Marriage - a book of which the first chapter is written in poetry and the remaining chapters in prose.
I want people to bow as they see me and say he is gifted with poetry, he has seen the presence of the creator.
Freedom is poetry, taking liberties with words, breaking the rules of normal speech, violating common sense. Freedom is violence.
Written poetry is worth reading once, and then should be destroyed. Let the dead poets make way for others.
In the language of poetry, where every word is weighed, nothing is usual or normal. Not a single stone and not a single cloud above it. Not a single day and not a single night after it. And above all, not a single existence, not anyone's existence in this world.
The great function of poetry is to give back to us the situations of our dreams.
But the gravest difficulty, and perhaps the most important, in poetry meant solely for recitation, is the difficulty of achieving verbal beauty, or rather of making verbal beauty tell.
Poetry is like a bird, it ignores all frontiers.
I have written some songs, but I would really call what I've done poetry at the end of the day, because I'll sit with my guitar for hours and hours on end for, like, a week and then I won't touch it for a month. I also just have no confidence. And you know what? I don't have time, because I'd rather be doing other things, like knitting.
I did not have a very literary background. I came to poetry from the sciences and mathematics, and also through an interest in Japanese and Chinese poetry in translation.
One difference between poetry and lyrics is that lyrics sort of fade into the background. They fade on the page and live on the stage when set to music.
Metaphorical tone deafness is when people are unable to discern what is of value in something. I think I'm tone deaf to poetry, for instance. Despite having studied it into a second year of university, most of it just leaves me cold.
For my part, if I consider poetry as an object, I maintain that it is born of the necessity of adding a vocal sound (speech) to the hammering of the first tribal music.
Poetry and consumption are the most flattering of diseases.
Poetry is the art which is technically within the grasp of everyone: a piece of paper and a pencil and one is ready.
Drawing is a way of coming upon the connection between things, just like metaphor in poetry reconnects what has become separated.
I guess I wanted to leave America for awhile. It wasn't that I wanted to become an expatriate, or just never come back, I needed some breathing room. I'd already been translating French poetry, I'd been to Paris once before and liked it very much, and so I just went.
Poetry is my cheap means of transportation. By the end of the poem the reader should be in a different place from where he started. I would like him to be slightly disoriented at the end, like I drove him outside of town at night and dropped him off in a cornfield.
This proves that great lyric poetry can die, be reborn, die again, but will always remain one of the most outstanding creations of the human soul.
The poetry that sustains me is when I feel that, for a minute, the clouds have parted and I've seen ecstasy or something.
You can find poetry in your everyday life, your memory, in what people say on the bus, in the news, or just what's in your heart.
Poetry and prayer are very similar.
Everyone needs solitude, especially a person who is used to thinking about what she experiences. Solitude is very important in my work as a mode of inspiration, but isolation is not good in this respect. I am not writing poetry about isolation.
English poetry begins whenever we decide to say the modern English language begins, and it extends as far as we decide to say that the English language extends.
What is more beautiful than a sea of water with a number of white-winged boats skirting its surface? Poetry and beauty contesting with the wind and the waves!
To different minds, poetry may present different phases. To me, the reverent faith of the people I lived among, and their faithful everyday living, was poetry; blossoms and trees and blue shies were poetry. God himself was poetry.
Poetry is life distilled.
I have published in 'The New Yorker,' 'Holiday,' 'Life,' 'Mademoiselle,' 'American Heritage,' 'Horizon,' 'The Ladies Home Journal,' 'The Kenyon Review,' 'The Sewanee Review,' 'Poetry,' 'Botteghe Oscure,' the 'Atlantic Monthly,' 'Harper's.'
Poetry, I think, intensifies the reader's experience. If it's a humorous facet of the story, poetry makes it more exuberant. If it's a sad facet, poetry can make it more poignant.
My favorite subject probably was math. I love math. Figures just intrigue me. I was really good at math. English probably was my worst subject. But I used to write a lot of poetry. I used to write poetry all the time.
Poetry is a mere drug, Sir.
I think that the job of poetry, its political job, is to refresh the idea of justice, which is going dead in us all the time.
I think there are things in my story that have helped my creativity. Your father being killed, for instance, is one of the best things that could happen to a kid if he's going to write poetry or songs.
Instead of trying to come up and pontificate on what literature is, you need to talk with children, to teachers, and make sure they get poetry in the curriculum early.
With several different kinds of poetry to choose from, a man would decide that he would like best to be an epic poet, and he would set out, in conscious determination, on an epic poem.
Epic poetry exhibits life in some great symbolic attitude. It cannot strictly be said to symbolize life itself, but always some manner of life.
I think that one possible definition of our modern culture is that it is one in which nine-tenths of our intellectuals can't read any poetry.
Eloquence is the poetry of prose.
I read, read enormously on all different fields of Islamic thought, from philosophy to Islamic literature, poetry, exegeses, knowledge of the Hadith, the teachings of the prophet. That's how I trained myself. And then I was appointed imam by a Sufi master from Istanbul, Turkey.
There isn't, even now, a great tradition of novel-writing in Afghanistan. Most of the literature is in the form of poetry.
Some people ask, 'How do you attract the young and so many different people when your poetry is complicated and different?' I say, 'My accomplishment is that my readers trust me and accept my suggestions for change.'
There is one type of ideal woman very seldom described in poetry - the old maid, the woman whom sorrow or misfortune prevents from fulfilling her natural destiny.
The poetry I grew up on is really an intense form of poetry; it's so pure and powerful.
I think poetry can help children deal with the other subjects on the curriculum by enabling them to see a subject in a new way.
The music just tends to be a vehicle for that poetry.
Some people think that English poetry begins with the Anglo-Saxons. I don't, because I can't accept that there is any continuity between the traditions of Anglo-Saxon poetry and those established in English poetry by the time of, say, Shakespeare. And anyway, Anglo-Saxon is a different language, which has to be learned.
One of the things that is wonderful about hymns is that they are a sort of universally shared poetry, at least among certain populations.
Clarity, clarity, surely clarity is the most beautiful thing in the world, A limited, limiting clarity I have not and never did have any motive of poetry But to achieve clarity.
Translation is an interestingly different way to be involved both with poetry and with the language that I've found myself living in much of the time. I think the two feed each other.
Poetry is not only a set of words which are chosen to relate to each other; it is something which goes much further than that to provide a glimpse of our vision of the world.
That is to say, epic poetry has been invented many times and independently; but, as the needs which prompted the invention have been broadly similar, so the invention itself has been.
Naming a baby is an act of poetry, for many people the only creative moment of their lives.
Every one who has a heart, however ignorant of architecture he may be, feels the transcendent beauty and poetry of the mediaeval churches.
For while the subjects of poetry are few and recurrent, the moods of man are infinitely various and unstable. It is the same in all arts.
For poetry there exists neither large countries nor small. Its domain is in the heart of all men.
Poetry is the most subtle of the literary arts, and students grow more ingenious by the year at avoiding it. If they can nip around Milton, duck under Blake and collapse gratefully into the arms of Jane Austen, a lot of them will.
Such discussions help us very little to enjoy what has been well done in art or poetry, to discriminate between what is more and what is less excellent in them, or to use words like beauty, excellence, art, poetry, with a more precise meaning than they would otherwise have.
Writing poetry is the hard manual labor of the imagination.
Most people ignore most poetry because most poetry ignores most people.
Auden said poetry makes nothing happen. But I wonder if the opposite could be true. It could make something happen.
It's always good when women win things in fiction because it tends to be more male-dominated, unlike poetry, which is more equal.
There is no gilding of setting sun or glamor of poetry to light up the ferocious and endless toil of the farmers' wives.
The nerds are my favourite sort of boys - any guy with a passion - whether it be physics or film or writing or poetry even, I think it's super sweet and it's very attractive for a female.
Don't call my lyrics poetry. It's an insult to real poets.
Religious poetry, civic poetry, lyric or dramatic poetry are all categories of man's expression which are valid only if the endorsement of formal content is valid.
I think that's what poetry does. It allows people to come together and identify with a common thing that is outside of themselves, but which they identify with from the interior.
Against barbarity, poetry can resist only by confirming its attachment to human fragility like a blade of grass growing on a wall while armies march by.
Traditional matter must be glorified, since it would be easier to listen to the re-creation of familiar stories than to quite new and unexpected things; the listeners, we must remember, needed poetry chiefly as the re-creation of tired hours.
The first function of poetry is to tell the truth, to learn how to do that, to find out what you really feel and what you really think.
I grew up in a bookless house - my parents didn't read poetry, so if I hadn't had the chance to experience it at school I'd never have experienced it. But I loved English, and I was very lucky in that I had inspirational English teachers, Miss Scriven and Mr. Walker, and they liked us to learn poems by heart, which I found I loved doing.
All those authors there, most of whom of course I've never met. That's the poetry side, that's the prose side, that's the fishing and miscellaneous behind me. You get an affection for books that you've enjoyed.
The poem is not, as someone put it, deflective of entry. But the real question is, 'What happens to the reader once he or she gets inside the poem?' That's the real question for me, is getting the reader into the poem and then taking the reader somewhere, because I think of poetry as a kind of form of travel writing.
It is the timber of poetry that wears most surely, and there is no timber that has not strong roots among the clay and worms.
I am an artist, you understand? For me, a picture is like poetry. When you make art, this is not coming from an intellectual place. It's coming from the deep side of your unconscious, your soul.
I like to give and get basically anything (I love to read) but especially fiction and poetry.
I had always been literary, in the sense of loving poetry and discovering novels, but I found my voice, as they say, in an office full of elderly people who looked after blind ex-servicemen.
My favourite room in my house is easily the top room, which is a bedroom but also a bathroom, with a big, wooden carved bath, two huge fireplaces and a raised bit in the corner for performances. I've had some really lovely parties and poetry readings up there.
As I got older, I really got into Tupac's poetry, his books and just learning about his life and what he was into.
My dream is that people will find a way back home, into their bodies, to connect with the earth, to connect with each other, to connect with the poor, to connect with the broken, to connect with the needy, to connect with people calling out all around us, to connect with the beauty, poetry, the wildness.
The sources of poetry are in the spirit seeking completeness.
I have experienced healing through other writers' poetry, but there's no way I can sit down to write in the hope a poem will have healing potential. If I do, I'll write a bad poem.
Poetry is often the art of overhearing yourself say things you didn't know you knew. It is a learned skill to force yourself to articulate your life, your present world or your possibilities for the future.
I heard Nirvana, and discovered that songs could be like poetry, but a little bit more refined: you didn't have to have 20 verses to get your point across.
We all need ways to express ourselves, and poetry is one of mine.
Frankly, writing poetry for children is plain old fun, and I consider myself blessed to have such a delightful career.
Children seem naturally drawn to poetry - it's some combination of the rhyme, rhythm, and the words themselves.
And how can poetry stand up against its new conditions? Its position is perfectly precarious.
Poetry is man's rebellion against being what he is.
Who writes poetry imbibes honey from the poisoned lips of life.
I don't want to, in any way, characterize a race or a people or get accused of racial profiling, but the Irish, as lyrical and romantic as they can be in their poetry, they can be every bit as repressed in their personal relations.
All good poetry is forged slowly and patiently, link by link, with sweat and blood and tears.
So, poetry becomes a means for useful dialogue between people who are not only unknown, but mute to each other. It produces a dialogue among people that guards all of us against manipulation by our so-called leaders.
Poetry says the things that I can't say. I read a lot, but I never write it.
Theater is far superior to film in poetry, in abstract poetry.
Poetry is that art which selects and arranges the symbols of thought in such a manner as to excite the imagination the most powerfully and delightfully.
Fiction and poetry are my first loves, but the really beautiful lyrical essay can do so much that other forms cannot.
Poetry is, first and last, language - the rest is filler.
No, what I should really like to do right now, in the full blaze of lights, before this illustrious assembly, is to shower every one of you with gifts, with flowers, with offerings of poetry - to be young once more, to ride on the crest of the wave.
A lyric, it is true, is the expression of personal emotion, but then so is all poetry, and to suppose that there are several kinds of poetry, differing from each other in essence, is to be deceived by wholly artificial divisions which have no real being.
As far as I am concerned, poetry is a statement concerning the human condition, composed in verse.
I wish you would read a little poetry sometimes. Your ignorance cramps my conversation.
The first question at that time in poetry was simply the question of honesty, of sincerity.
I've always written. When I was in school, the only teacher who ever liked me was my creative writing teacher. I used to enter poetry competitions, and I don't think I ever lost one. So I had the idea for a while of being some kind of poet.
In rap music, even though the element of poetry is very strong, so is the element of the drum, the implication of the dance. Without the beat, its commercial value would certainly be more tenuous.
I did literature at university, so I had a real relationship with poetry, but they don't make many films about the world of a poet.
Poetry criticism at its worst today is mean in spirit and spiteful in intent, as if determined to inflict the wound that will spur the artist to new heights if it does not cripple him or her.
That poetry survived in its formal agencies finally, and that prose survived to get something said.
Radio is such a perfect medium for the transmission of poetry, primarily because there just is the voice, there's no visual distraction.
Poetry proceeds from the totality of man, sense, imagination, intellect, love, desire, instinct, blood and spirit together.
Dealing with poetry is a daunting task, simply because the reason one does it as an editor at all is because one is constantly coming to terms with one's own understanding of how to understand the world.
Well, I write a lot of poetry - that's where it usually all starts. I definitely want to show you guys sides of me - love, loss, heartbreak - all of that good stuff!
The reason why we do maths is because it's like poetry. It's about patterns, and that really turned me on. It made me feel that maths was in tune with the other things I liked doing.
To know anything of a poet but his poetry is, so far as the poetry is concerned, to know something that may be entertaining, even delightful, but is certainly inessential.
For me, poetry was... the fastest way to express what I was feeling, what I was going through.
We are looking to brands for poetry and for spirituality, because we're not getting those things from our communities or from each other.
I'm hopefully touring with Colin Baker next year in Perfect Strangers. I have performed with Sylvia Simms in poetry and music evenings. I would love to do those for the rest of my career - they are so fun and witty.
I want a fever, in poetry: a fever, and tranquillity.
I don't know a better preparation for life than a love of poetry and a good digestion.
But I can only write what the muse allows me to write. I cannot choose, I can only do what I am given, and I feel pleased when I feel close to concrete poetry - still.
Poetry helps me understand who I am. It helps me understand the world around me. But above all, what poetry has taught me is the fact that I need to embrace mystery in order to be completely human.
In Lithuania, I am known as a poet, and they don't care about my cinema. In Europe, they don't know my poetry; in Europe, I am a filmmaker. But here, in the United States, I am only a maverick!
My first book was poetry, but I didn't write it first. I wrote it third. So my first two books were prose.
By definition, poetry works with qualities and dynamics that mainstream society is reluctant to face head-on. It's an interesting phenomenon that by necessity, poetry is just below the radar.
Memory and poetry go together, absolutely. It is a matter of preserving and of remembering things.
I don't look on poetry as closed works. I feel they're going on all the time in my head and I occasionally snip off a length.
When you're writing fiction or poetry... it really comes down to this: indifference to everything except what you're doing... A young writer could do worse than follow the advice given in those lines.
Great poetry is always written by somebody straining to go beyond what he can do.
What she did was to open our eyes to details of country life such as teaching us names of wild flowers and getting us to draw and paint and learn poetry.
Poetry is a sort of homecoming.
Poetry has, in a way, been my bridge to my acting career.
That's the way it is with poetry: When it is incomprehensible it seems profound, and when you understand it, it is only ridiculous.
Poetry is a matter of life, not just a matter of language.
Poetry asks people to have values, form opinions, care about some other part of experience besides making money and being successful on the job.
The obsessions of others are opaque to the unobsessed, and thus easy to mock. NASCAR, jazz, baseball, roses, poetry, quilts, fishing. If we're lucky, we all have at least one.
What does that represent? There was never any question in plastic art, in poetry, in music, of representing anything. It is a matter of making something beautiful, moving, or dramatic - this is by no means the same thing.
The mystic purchases a moment of exhilaration with a lifetime of confusion; and the confusion is infectious and destructive. It is confusing and destructive to try and explain anything in terms of anything else, poetry in terms of psychology.
As a direct line to human feeling, empathic experience, genuine language and detail, poetry is everything that headline news is not. It takes us inside situations, helps us imagine life from more than one perspective, honors imagery and metaphor - those great tools of thought - and deepens our confidence in a meaningful world.
Rhyme, that enslaved queen, that supreme charm of our poetry, that creator of our meter.
More modern poetry is written than read.
There's a love of rhetorical skill in the Muslim world. Osama bin Laden doesn't just go on tape cassettes and say, 'America sucks.' He recites poetry; he finds things that 'America sucks' rhymes with.
It could be that all awful dictators are frustrated artists - Mao with his poetry and Mussolini with his monuments. Stalin was once a journalistic hack, and I can personally testify to how frustrated they are. Pol Pot left a very edgy photo collection behind. And Osama seems quite interested in video.
Poetry and lyrics are very similar. Making words bounce off a page.
When I was in college, I really liked poetry. I don't read much anymore.
On the subject of literary genres, I've always felt that my response to poetry is inadequate. I'd love to be the kind of person that drifts off into the garden with a slim volume of Elizabethan verse or a sheaf of haikus, but my passion is story.
Poetry must have something in it that is barbaric, vast and wild.
He who has religion will speak poetry. But philosophy is the tool with which to seek and discover religion.
I've written for every medium except poetry, at which I suck.
Versatility of education can be found in our best poetry, but the depth of mankind should be found in the philosopher.
Before people complain of the obscurity of modern poetry, they should first examine their consciences and ask themselves with how many people and on how many occasions they have genuinely and profoundly shared some experience with another.
Poetry is what Milton saw when he went blind.
Women do not have as great a need for poetry because their own essence is poetry.
When you write, it's just a much more crystalline, compressed version of the voice you think with - though not the one you speak with. I think your writing voice is your laser-guided missile. It's the poetry part of you.
Art: If the object of poetry is, to make men, then poetry is the heir of prophecy.
Women are treated as unjustly in poetry as in life. The feminine ones are not idealistic, and the idealistic not feminine.
Money is everywhere but so is poetry. What we lack are the poets.
The biggest problem is people are afraid of poetry, think they can't understand it or that it will be boring.
Muhammadan law in its relation to women, is a pattern to European law. Look back to the history of Islam, and you will find that women have often taken leading places - on the throne, in the battle-field, in politics, in literature, poetry, etc.
Poetry is indispensable - if I only knew what for.
Those who have never entered upon scientific pursuits know not a tithe of the poetry by which they are surrounded.
I want to write a play. I'd like to do an original musical. I should probably put together a poetry collection.
A definition of poetry can only determine what poetry should be and not what poetry actually was and is; otherwise the most concise formula would be: Poetry is that which at some time and some place was thus named.
Nothing truly convincing - which would possess thoroughness, vigor, and skill - has been written against the ancients as yet; especially not against their poetry.
Rap is poetry to music, like beatniks without beards and bongos.
I want to branch out. I want to write. I write poetry. I want to see my children grow up well.
Shakespeare has been praised in English more than anything mortal except poetry itself. Fame exhausts thought in his eulogy.
I was a 16-year-old girl at one point, so of course I wrote poetry.
When I was younger, I felt it was my duty to wake people up. I thought poetry was asleep. I thought rock 'n' roll was asleep.
When the poet is in love, he is incapable of writing poetry on love. He has to write when he remembers that he was in love.
When I am writing fiction, I believe I am much better organized, more methodical - one has to be when writing a novel. Writing poetry is a state of free float.
I don't think I'd have the stamina, skill or ability to write a novel, but I'd love to write short stories and poetry, because those are my two passions.
Poetry is the exquisite expression of exquisite expressions.
An age which is incapable of poetry is incapable of any kind of literature except the cleverness of a decadence.
Poetry is rather an approach to things, to life, than it is typographical production.
I thought to spend my declining years writing poetry and teaching - but that won't pay the Bergdorf's bill. I think I'll move to somewhere life is cheaper.
There is little premium in poetry in a world that thinks of Pound and Whitman as a weight and a sampler, not an Ezra, a Walt, a thing of beauty, a joy forever.
Once every five hundred years or so, a summary statement about poetry comes along that we can't imagine ourselves living without.
I always thought that poetry is the verdict that others give to a certain kind of writing. So to call yourself a poet is a kind of dangerous description. It's for others; it's for others to use.
I've never read a political poem that's accomplished anything. Poetry makes things happen, but rarely what the poet wants.
I certainly derived my skills as a prose writer from my scrutiny of poetry and of the individual word. But schools don't do things like that anymore - tracking words down to their roots.
Poetry leads us to the unstructured sources of our beings, to the unknown, and returns us to our rational, structured selves refreshed.
Probably all the attention to poetry results in some value, though the attention is more often directed to lesser than to greater values.
What I wanted to do in rock 'n roll was merge poetry with sonic scapes, and the two people who had contributed so much to that were Jimi Hendrix and Jim Morrison.
I liked Yeats! That wild Irishman. I really loved his love of language, his flow. His chaotic ideas seemed to me just the right thing for a poet. Passion! He was always on the right side. He may be wrongheaded, but his heart was always on the right side. He wrote beautiful poetry.
In poetry you can express almost inexpressible feelings. You can express the pain of loss, you can express love. People always turn to poetry when someone they love dies, when they fall in love.
Personally I always feel like I could use a little more of poetry apothegmatic power in my own work but we're always lacking something.
People compose poetry, novels, sitcoms - for love.
Poetry is one of the destinies of speech... One would say that the poetic image, in its newness, opens a future to language.
I have a publishing company of books by me and books of others. It drew people to poetry readings and photo exhibitions and painting exhibitions that I've been doing for years before that.
There's poetry in being the band that can sell out Wembley but also makes a record in a garage. I don't like doing what people expect me to do.
Often I find that poems predict what I'm going to do later in my own writing, and often I find that poems predict my life. So I think poetry is the most intense expression of feeling that we have.
Poetry is the language we speak in the most terrifying or ecstatic passages of our lives. But the very word poetry scares people. They think of their grade school teachers reciting 'Hiawatha' and they groan.
I see poetry as spiritual medicine.
Well, I still write poetry, but I wouldn't call myself a poet.
I never thought I'd be doing poetry books. I never really studied poetry. But the first one I did was after my mother died, and I realized that people sort of think and talk about her style and fashion, but in fact, what made her the person she was was really her love of reading and ideas.
Solitude gives birth to the original in us, to beauty unfamiliar and perilous - to poetry. But also, it gives birth to the opposite: to the perverse, the illicit, the absurd.
Is there any purpose to translating poetry? A poem does not contain information of importance, like a signpost or a warning notice.
I guess the thing that I'm most proud of is that I kept on writing poetry. I understand that poetry is sort of the source of everything I do. It's the source of my creativity.
What are the sources of poetry? Love and death and the paradox of love and death. All poetry from the beginning is about Eros and Thanatos. Those are the only subjects. And how Eros and Thanatos interweave.
I began my writing life as a poet, so poetry has always been fundamental. I evolved from poetry to journalism to stories to novels. But poetry was always there.
The flame that is naturally clear always gives the most light and heat. If I could blend my talent for poetry and music into one, the light would burn still clearer, and I might go far.
Anticipating that most poetry will be worse than carrying heavy luggage through O'Hare Airport, the public, to its loss, reads very little of it.
On a practical level, poetry isn't something anybody has really made a great living at. I might sell some books and, once in a while, someone might pay to hear me read.
If poetry should address itself to the same needs and aspirations, the same hopes and fears, to which the Bible addresses itself, it might rival it in distribution.
You campaign in poetry. You govern in prose.
Manifesting that order of poetry where we can at last grow up to that which we stored up as we grew.
I've been reading poetry publicly for 20 years, and this is what you do - you express, you sometimes dig a bit to get a conversation started. That's the point of poetry. You're supposed to go, 'Hmmmm,' and 'Woooh!'
I was reading poetry to my girlfriends, and they were like, 'You're really good. You should go to some poetry readings or something.' And I eventually went and got a, you know, somewhat of a name for myself and a little bit of a following.
I began writing early - very, very early... I was already writing short stories for the radio and selling poems to poetry and art festivals; I was involved in school plays; I wrote essays, so there was no definite moment when I said, 'Now I'm a writer.' I've always been a writer.
A lot happens by accident in poetry.
Most people read poetry listening for echoes because the echoes are familiar to them. They wade through it the way a boy wades through water, feeling with his toes for the bottom: The echoes are the bottom.
It is certain that at certain times talent entirely overcomes thought or poetry.
Besides the actual reading in class of many poems, I would suggest you do two things: first, while teaching everything you can and keeping free of it, teach that poetry is a mode of discourse that differs from logical exposition.
If we ask a vague question, such as, 'What is poetry?' we expect a vague answer, such as, 'Poetry is the music of words,' or 'Poetry is the linguistic correction of disorder.'
For me, poetry is a situation - a state of being, a way of facing life and facing history.
When you are writing literary writing, you are communicating something subtextual with emotions and poetry. The prose has to have a voice; it's not just typing. It takes a while to get that voice.
Well, I like to write poetry. I'm a published poet.
I want to promote poetry to the point where you got all the baldhead kids running around doing poetry, getting the music out of the way and having only words, the spoken word, and then see what happens.
My films are an extension of my poetry, using the white screen like the white page to be filled with images.
Poetry lies its way to the truth.
Poetry is so vital to us until school spoils it.
I find a lot of poetry to be narcissistic.
I don't like the word 'poetry,' and I don't like poetry readings, and I usually don't like poets. I would much prefer describing myself and what I do as: I'm kind of a curator, and I'm kind of a night-owl reporter.
There may be more poetry than justice in poetic justice.
A public expectation, it has to be said, not of poetry as such but of political positions variously approvable by mutually disapproving groups.
What is beautiful enchants me. I mean not just physical beauty but a wider concept of beauty. There is beauty in poetry and in great musical or singing performances. There is beauty everywhere if you can just see it.
It's something we, guys, have all done. Made tapes for girls, trying to impress them, to meet them on a shared plane of aesthetics. Read them someone else's poetry because they do poetry better than you could do it, because you're too awkward to do it.
That's a wonderful change that's taken place, and so most poetry today is published, if not directly by the person, certainly by the enterprise of the poet himself, working with his friends.
Poetry for me is as much a spiritual practice as sexual ecstasy is.
In my late teenage years, I developed a real passion for it, and wrote a lot of poetry.
I've always had a love for poetry and when I got signed to a record label I thought, 'How odd that I'm doing a record before a book of poetry,'
The library was open for one hour after school let out. I hid there, looking at art books and reading poetry.
Gregory Corso used to get really pissed when people called Bob Dylan a 'poet.' After writing poetry for a few years, I can understand that.
I think when kids just see well-crafted poetry, it's just obtuse to them. It's hard to relate to.
I am absolutely convinced that my life was redeemed by poetry.
Prose on certain occasions can bear a great deal of poetry; on the other hand, poetry sinks and swoons under a moderate weight of prose.
Perhaps no person can be a poet, or even enjoy poetry, without a certain unsoundness of mind.
You pick up loads of baggage with your first record with reaction to it from fans and critics. So I went to Ireland by myself for a couple of weeks with my guitar. I read lots of poetry, I read Patti Smith's autobiography and started words and phrases and then songs started to take shape.
As for how criticism of Keats' poetry relates to criticism of my own work, I'll leave that for others to decide.
Sufi poetry is, in a sense, self-help poetry about how to live a decent life, how to deal with your mortality.
Slowly poetry becomes visual because it paints images, but it is also musical: it unites two arts into one.
True poetry is similar to certain pictures whose owner is unknown and which only a few initiated people know.
I think there was a revolution in poetry, associated chiefly with Eliot and Pound; but maybe it is of the nature of revolutions or of the nature of history that their innovations should later come to look trivial or indistinguishable from technical tricks.
I want to prove that if you write in strict meter and rhyme about subjects people care about, they will buy poetry.
No poetry that I'm aware of, however bad or glorious, has ever left somebody a worse person than they were before they read it.
When I arrived at Columbia, I gave up acting and became interested in all things French. French poetry, French history, French literature.
I try to show what it is about language and music that enthralls, because I think those are the two elements of poetry.
I was apprehensive. I feared every time I talked about poetry, it would be filtered through the lens of race, sex, and age.
I see a resurgence of interest in poetry. I am less optimistic about the prospects for the arts when it comes to federal funding.
You know, bad poetry I wrote in high school can still be found on the Internet, and, you know, there's a Web log of our college newspaper. You know, there's so many different stages of my creative development are sort of on-record if somebody were to choose to look for them.
All poetry is an ordered voice, one which tries to tell you about a vision in the un-visionary language of farm, city, and love.
I wanted to write poetry almost a little more than I wanted to eat.
One thing I do know is that poetry, to be understood, must be clear.
People want poetry. They need poetry. They get it. They don't want fancy work.
A theology should be like poetry, which takes us to the end of what words and thoughts can do.
For me, prose walks, poetry dances.
Poetry, it is often said and loudly so, is life's true mirror. But a monkey looking into a work of literature looks in vain for Socrates.
I was always interested in French poetry sort of as a sideline to my own work, I was translating contemporary French poets. That kind of spilled out into translation as a way to earn money, pay for food and put bread on the table.
You have to really dive deep back into yourself and get rid of so much modern analytical categorization. It's one of the great things poetry does.
I don't think poetry is something that can be taught. We can encourage young writers, but what you can't teach them is the very essence of poetry.
I wrote things for the school's newspaper, and - like all teenagers - I dabbled in poetry.
Poetry is the deification of reality.
Poetry is the hardest thing that there is. It fascinates me, so I want to write more of it.
I began to write poetry in high school, and would ride miles over sandy roads in the fine hills around Cedar Rapids, repeating the lines over and over until I had them right, making some of the rhythm of the horse help.
The subject of Finnish poetry ought to have a special interest for the Japanese student, if only for the reason that Finnish poetry comes more closely in many respects to Japanese poetry than any other form of Western poetry.
But every great scripture, whether Hebrew, Indian, Persian, or Chinese, apart from its religious value will be found to have some rare and special beauty of its own; and in this respect the original Bible stands very high as a monument of sublime poetry and of artistic prose.
I was one of those dark, quiet kids that wrote poetry.
What is poetry which does not save nations or people?
I do not go in search of poetry. I wait for poetry to visit me.
Narrative art, the novel, from Murasaki to Proust, has produced great works of poetry.
You don't have to live in a garage to write great poetry.
Poetry is one of the oldest of all art forms, and one of its powers for shamans and tribal leaders was the mnemonic.
Cut quarrels out of literature, and you will have very little history or drama or fiction or epic poetry left.
If a poem is not memorable, there's probably something wrong. One of the problems of free verse is that much of the free verse poetry is not memorable.
I think the novel is not so much a literary genre, but a literary space, like a sea that is filled by many rivers. The novel receives streams of science, philosophy, poetry and contains all of these; it's not simply telling a story.
I started out in life as a poet; I was only writing poetry all through my 20s. It wasn't until I was about 30 that I got serious about writing prose. While I was writing poems, I would often divert myself by reading detective novels; I liked them.
None but a poet can write a tragedy. For tragedy is nothing less than pain transmuted into exaltation by the alchemy of poetry.
There are distinct duties of a poet laureate. I plan a reading series at the Library of Congress and advise the librarian. The rest is how I want to promote poetry.
There are better ways we can transform this virulent hatred - by living our ideals, the Peace Corps, exchange students, teachers, exporting our music, poetry, blue jeans.
Making love is, simply put, poetry in motion.
I think that it's more likely that in my 60s and 70s I will be writing poetry rather than fiction.
Some people swear by writing courses, but whether it really helps American poetry, I have doubts.
Stylized acting and direction is to realistic acting and direction as poetry is to prose.
You know, in my music career there was a moment where the irony was just so heavy. There were people in my audience that were the reason I developed neuroses. These people that tortured my life were using my art, my poetry, as fuel for them, to torture other people.
As civilization advances, poetry almost necessarily declines.
Thomas Davis was a great man where poetry is concerned, and a better than Thomas Moore. All over Ireland his poetry is, and he would have done other things but that he died young.
I really enjoy English and poetry and writing classes.
The young people have MTV and rock and roll. Why would they go to read poetry? Poetry belongs to the Stone Age. It awakens in us perceptions that go back to those times.
I recently read that it's the left brain that does all that calculating, and the right brain that does the poetry. Somehow I've veered way towards the left. I've been doing it for years. Maybe I do art to balance it out.
Becoming interested in poetics got me interested in theater. Theater is supposed to be poetry, you know, before it's anything else. It just doesn't fly if it isn't musical.
The mystical poetry of William Blake's artwork also forms the basis for the album cover.
Lyric poetry is, of course, musical in origin. I do know that what happened to poetry in the twentieth century was that it began to be written for the page. When it's a question of typography, why not? Poets have done beautiful things with typography - Apollinaire's 'Calligrammes,' that sort of thing.
Modernism in other arts brought extreme difficulty. In poetry, the characteristic difficulty imported under the name of modernism was obscurity. But obscurity could just as easily be a quality of metrical as of free verse.
The voice is raised, and that is where poetry begins. And even today, in the prolonged aftermath of modernism, in places where 'open form' or free verse is the orthodoxy, you will find a memory of that raising of the voice in the term 'heightened speech.'
My work should be seen as poetry.
In Australia, not reading poetry is the national pastime.
If there were no poetry on any day in the world, poetry would be invented that day. For there would be an intolerable hunger.
You can be intuitive when you've got a more expansive role. You can get into the poetry of telling the story rather than just pushing buttons.
Poetry privileges music and is aesthetically more challenging. Prose privileges information and is emotionally more challenging.
Prose cannot compete with the economy of poetry, the ability to have a full artistic experience in a short period of time.
I was very interested in American poetry for many years. Much less now.
I like poetry when I don't quite understand why I like it. Poetry isn't just a question of wrapping something up and giving it to someone else to unwrap. It just doesn't work like that.
Most poetry in the modern age has retreated to the private sphere, turning its back on the political realm.
In the world of poetry there are would-be poets, workshop poets, promising poets, lovesick poets, university poets, and a few real poets.
The office of poetry is not to make us think accurately, but feel truly.
Deals are my art form. Other people paint beautifully on canvas or write wonderful poetry. I like making deals, preferably big deals. That's how I get my kicks.
I write all the time - I write poetry, I love to write.
Pound's translation of Chinese poetry was maybe the most important thing I read. Eliot a little bit later.
Poetry, almost by definition, calls attention to its language and form.
I don't think the creative writing industry has helped American poetry.
A poem in form still has to have voice, gesture, a sense of discovery, a metaphoric connection, as any poetry does.
I learned to impersonate the kind of person that talks about poetry. It comes from teaching, I think.
Sometimes poetry, it is incomprehensible. But we need incomprehensible stuff! It is very healthy to talk about incomprehensible things! It is very healthy! We need it!
I don't like to boast, but I have probably skipped more poetry than any other person of my age and weight in this country.
Solitude is very important in my work as a mode of inspiration, but isolation is not good in this respect. I am not writing poetry about isolation.
I cannot speak for more than an hour exclusively about poetry. At that point, life itself takes over again.
Poetic talent doesn't operate in a vacuum. There is a spirit of Polish poetry.
Poetry, being supremely useless, by its very existence represents a protest against the so-called 'real world' of busy-ness and moneymaking, so we must embrace, salute and support our poets.
I have to admit that I had a lot of problems with poetry.
I wrote poetry, which got me into lyrics. Stevie Wonder, Carole King, Elton John pulled me into pop. I started singing with a band - just for fun - when I was 17. And pretty soon, I was thinking I could sing pop in English as well as Spanish.
Great poetry does not have to be technically intricate.
Poetry carries its history within it, and it is oral in origin. Its transmission was oral.
One problem we face comes from the lack of any agreed sense of how we should be working to train ourselves to write poetry.
When I was in college, I used to write little ditties and short stories and poetry for my friends. Writing a book is another thing. It is so much different from my traditional day of dirty fingernails and greasy hair and hot pans.
When we study Shakespeare on the page, for academic purposes, we may require all kinds of help. Generally, we read him in modern spelling and with modern punctuation, and with notes. But any poetry that is performed - from song lyric to tragic speech - must make its point, as it were, without reference back.
The lines of poetry, the period of prose, and even the texts of Scripture most frequently recollected and quoted, are those which are felt to be preeminently musical.
I actually remember celebrating National Poetry Day at school; I remember having to write and read a load.
He passes from lyric to epic poetry in order to speak about the world and the torment in the world through man, rationally and emotionally. The poet then becomes a danger.
The poetry of heroism appeals irresistibly to those who don't go to a war, and even more to those whom the war is making enormously wealthy. It's always so.
Poetry is a form of mathematics, a highly rigorous relationship with words.
I'm not a great poetry fan.
However, poetry does not live solely in books or in school anthologies.
With a poetry book I can send 100 copies out to reviewers and other people, and even do it in advance and get their response. It's difficult with iPad: how do you send it out for free, and how do you even disseminate it before it goes into their store?
When I rap, I get to express myself in a way where putting words together is like poetry, and sometimes it's better to talk in certain expressions than sing, you know? So I love, I love to rhyme when I want to express certain things.
My dad is a Jack Nicholson lookalike and a frustrated performer, my mother's into reading and poetry. I suppose the thing I owe them most is my confidence.
Have you ever heard a good joke? If you've ever heard someone just right, with the right pacing, then you're already on the way to poetry. It's about using words in very precise ways and using gesture.
I think one of the things that people tend to forget is that poets do write out of life. It isn't some set piece that then gets put up on the shelf, but that the impetus, the real instigation for poetry is everything that's happening around us.
Nothing is too small. Nothing is too, quote-unquote, ordinary or insignificant. Those are the things that make up the measure of our days, and they're the things that sustain us. And they're the things that certainly can become worthy of poetry.
I believe in the power of poetry, which gives me reasons to look ahead and identify a glint of light.
If epic poetry is a definite species, the sagas do not fall within it.
The reason can only be this: heroic poetry depends on an heroic age, and an age is heroic because of what it is, not because of what it does.
Poetry is a street fighter. It has sharp elbows. It can look after itself. Poetry can't be used for manipulation; it's why you never see good poetry in advertising.
Poetry is for me Eucharistic. You take someone else's suffering into your body, their passion comes into your body, and in doing that you commune, you take communion, you make a community with others.
And the second question, can poetry be taught? I didn't think so.
I never think about poetry except when I'm writing it. I mean my poetry.
When I was asked to be Writer in Residence at Edinburgh I thought, you can't teach poetry. This is ridiculous.
Without touching my subject I want to come to the moment when, through pure concentration of seeing, the composed picture becomes more made than taken. Without a descriptive caption to justify its existence, it will speak for itself - less descriptive, more creative; less informative, more suggestive - less prose, more poetry.
The same people who are murdered slowly in the mechanized slaughterhouses of work are also arguing, singing, drinking, dancing, making love, holding the streets, picking up weapons and inventing a new poetry.
I read as much poetry as time allows and circumstance dictates: No heartache can pass without a little Dorothy Parker, no thunderstorm without W. H. Auden, no sleepless night without W. B. Yeats.
But one does not make living writing poetry unless you're a professor, and one frankly doesn't get a lot of girls as a poet.
I think we fool ourselves and really negate a great deal of history if we think that the oral history of poetry is shorter than the written history of poetry. It's not true. Poetry has a longer oral tradition than it does written.
I like the beauty of Faulkner's poetry. But I don't like his themes, not at all.
I'm looking for a guy who makes you want to dance and write poetry all day long.
The residue of religion in my work appears as a modified transcendentalism, and the positivist scientific side of my thought appears as concreteness and realism. The effort to reconcile the two is at the core of all my poetry.
If you don't mark your successes, the day your ship comes in could be just another day at the office, and there's no poetry in that.
I want to be the best advocate and promoter for poetry that I can be.
From the catbird seat, I've found poetry to be the necessary utterance it has always been in America.
Dismissals of poetry are nothing new. It's easy to dismiss poetry if one has not read much of it.
The experience of poetry could bring my mother back to me. Poetry offers a different kind of solace - here on earth.
I think there is a poem out there for everyone, to be an entrance into the poetry and a relationship with it.
I think poetry's always a kind of faith. It is the kind that I have.
Poetry's a thing that belongs to everyone.
I've been most happy to be an advocate for the kinds of grassroots things that people are doing who care about poetry.
You know, I can imagine not writing a novel and writing poetry only.
I come here to speak poetry. It will always be in the grass. It will also be necessary to bend down to hear it. It will always be too simple to be discussed in assemblies.
A group of us started a community center in Santa Monica. We've tried different programs, and three have worked really well. A poetry group. Once a week we visit Venice High and talk to girls at risk.
It takes most men five years to recover from a college education, and to learn that poetry is as vital to thinking as knowledge.
The great watershed of modern poetry is French, more than English.
Teaching writing over the years intrudes on your own writing in important ways, taking away some of the excitement of poetry.
The fact that something is in a rhymed form or in blank verse will not make it good poetry.
What actually makes poetry poetry is of course impossible to define. We recognize it when we hear it, when we see it, but we can't define it.
Poetry has the virtue of being able to say twice as much as prose in half the time, and the drawback, if you do not give it your full attention, of seeming to say half as much in twice the time.
When I really want to be soothed and reminded of why people bother to fiddle with sentences, I often read poetry.
I love to read poetry but I haven't written anything that I'm willing to show anybody.
Journalism is concerned with events, poetry with feelings. Journalism is concerned with the look of the world, poetry with the feel of the world.
I've written poetry since I was in the first grade, and it wasn't until I was a little bit older that I realized poetry could be put to music and become a song.
America was based on a poetic vision. What will happen when it loses its poetry?
In the total darkness, poetry is still there, and it is there for you.
There is poetry even in prose, in all the great prose which is not merely utilitarian or didactic: there exist poets who write in prose or at least in more or less apparent prose; millions of poets write verses which have no connection with poetry.
I have frequently noticed in myself a tendency to a diffuse style; a disposition to push my metaphors too far, employing a multitude of words to heighten the patness of the image, and so making of it a conceit rather than a metaphor, a fault copiously illustrated in the poetry of Cowley, Waller, Donne, and others of that ilk.
Poetry is a special use of language that opens onto the real. The business of the poet is truth telling, which is why in the Celtic tradition no one could be a teacher unless he or she was a poet.
I always loved singing and writing poetry. I always loved music, and I've loved writing my whole life. When I put them together, it was probably in my early 20s where I put words to music for the first time.
With Shakespeare and poetry, a new world was born. New dreams, new desires, a self consciousness was born. I desired to know to know myself in terms of the new standards set by these books.
To be under occupation, to be under siege, is not a good inspiration for poetry.
That sense of a life in natural objects, which in most poetry is but a rhetorical artifice, was, then, in Wordsworth the assertion of what was for him almost literal fact.
I don't think you get to good writing unless you expose yourself and your feelings. Deep songs don't come from the surface; they come from the deep down. The poetry and the songs that you are suppose to write, I believe are in your heart.
I was trained as an actress. But I wasn't a very convincing actress, so I started doing punk poetry and then fell into doing stand-up.
I spent many years of my life as an economist and demographer. I was finally distracted by writing my novels and poetry. I'm enormously happy that was the case. I feel that with writing I have found my metier.
Reading a piece of poetry with no beat in front of 20 people is way more challenging than rocking for 10,000 people.
And if they haven't got poetry in them, there's nothing you can do that will produce it.
Never fear: Thank Home, and Poetry, and the Force behind both.
I love to compare different time frames. Poetry can evoke the time of the subject. By a very careful choice of words you can evoke an era, completely throw the poem into a different time scale.
Alchemy is the art of far and near, and I think poetry is alchemy in that way. It's delightful to distort size, to see something that's tiny as though it were vast.
I know I'm not a wordsmith. And I don't write poetry. Sometimes I think I should, because it's really helpful. But I always wanted to write novels.
I was a serious poet for quite a while and had little notebooks filled with poetry.
In the past, poetry came in the form of spells and chants used to effect change.
Today the U.S. is farther from being nourished by poetry than it was a hundred years ago, when books of poems were best-sellers.
The quietest poetry can be an explosion of joy.
Bleak House is just the most astounding piece of work. There's huge, visionary poetry in it.
So it is in poetry. All we ask is that the mood recorded shall impress us as having been of the kind that exhausts the imaginative capacity; if it fails to do this the failure will announce itself either in prose or in insignificant verse.
And, I mean, I think poetry does need to be met to some extent, especially, I guess, 19th century poetry, and for me, it's just been so worth the effort. It's like I'm planting a garden in my head.
My feeling is that poetry will wither on the vine if you don't regularly come back to the simplest fundamentals of the poem: rhythm, rhyme, simple subjects - love, death, war.
Poetry carries its history within it, and it is oral in origin. Its transmission was oral. Its transmission today is still in part oral, because we become acquainted with poetry through nursery rhymes, which we hear before we can read.
A glance at the history of European poetry is enough to inform us that rhyme itself is not indispensable. Latin poetry in the classical age had no use for it, and the kind of Latin poetry that does rhyme - as for instance the medieval 'Carmina Burana' - tends to be somewhat crude stuff in comparison with the classical verse that doesn't.
The iambic pentameter owes its pre-eminence in English poetry to its genius for variation. Good blank verse does not sound like a series of identically measured lines. It sounds like a series of subtle variations on the same theme.
In the writing of poetry we never know anything for sure. We will never know if we have 'trained' or 'practised' enough. We will never be able to say that we have reached grade eight, or that we have left the grades behind and are now embarked on an advanced training.
There is no gender to my music. There's no male or female voice, no trite lyrics or poetry. It's much more abstract, so it lives with you longer.
It's just poetry, beauty and love. How hard can that be to act?
A book is sent out into the world, and there is no way of fully anticipating the responses it will elicit. Consider the responses called forth by the Bible, Homer, Shakespeare - let alone contemporary poetry or a modern novel.
The poetry from the eighteenth century was prose; the prose from the seventeenth century was poetry.
There is also poetry written to be shouted in a square in front of an enthusiastic crowd. This occurs especially in countries where authoritarian regimes are in power.
So I really began as a failed poet - although when I first wanted to be a writer, I learned to write prose by reading poetry.
I can find some way to make poetry out of my life's experiences.
By the general process of epic poetry, I mean the way this form of art has constantly responded to the profound needs of the society in which it was made.
However, I learned something. I thought that if the young person, the student, has poetry in him or her, to offer them help is like offering a propeller to a bird.
It is a happy thing that there is no royal road to poetry. The world should know by this time that one cannot reach Parnassus except by flying thither.
I hardly remember how I started to write poetry. It's hard to imagine what I thought poetry could do.
Prior to Wordsworth, humor was an essential part of poetry. I mean, they don't call them Shakespeare comedies for nothing.
It's like I understand images and some people understand poetry.
Poetry is a natural energy resource of our country.It has no energy crisis, possessing a potential that will last as long as the country. Its power is equal to that of any country in the world.
While also, importantly, not wanting to dumb it down or pretend the days of 'difficult' poetry are over, because we live in a pluralist culture and there's room for 'difficult' poetry alongside rap and everything else. And poetry won't be for everyone, but everyone should have the choice.
Poetry is also the physical self of the poet, and it is impossible to separate the poet from his poetry.
Gil Thorpe is a great diversion and is to book writing as poetry is to prose.
I definitely used to write a lot at school. Comic poetry and drawings about people.
Still, language is resilient, and poetry when it is pressured simply goes underground.
The first thing I tried to do in the months after losing my mother was to write a poem. I found myself turning to poetry in the way so many people do - to make sense of losses. And I wrote pretty bad poems about it. But it did feel that the poem was the only place that could hold this grief.
I think I felt at some point that I couldn't understand poetry or that it was beyond me or it didn't speak to my experience. I think that was because I hadn't yet found the right poems to invite me in.
My father, Eric Trethewey, is a poet, so I had one right inside the house. And on long trips, he'd tell me, if I got bored in the car, to write a poem about it. And I did find that poetry was a way for me, I think as it for a lot of people, to articulate those things that seem hardest to say.
Even though I am the daughter of a poet, and my stepmother is also a poet, growing up, I didn't think I could understand poetry; I didn't think that it had any relevance to my life, the feelings that I endured on a day-to-day basis, until I was introduced to the right poem.
I think people turn to poetry more often than they think they do, or encounter it in more ways than they think that they do. I think we forget the places that we encounter it, say, in songs or in other little bits and pieces of things that we may have remembered from childhood.
I think the biggest thing that I have to do is to remind people that poetry is there for us to turn to not only to remind us that we're not alone - for example, if we are grieving the loss of someone - but also to help us celebrate our joys. That's why so many people I know who've gotten married will have a poem read at the wedding.
'NewsHour' is very interested in poetry, but they're also interested in not just that something's cute to add on at the end of their programming, but something that actually is integrated into the news.
You have to learn a few things, which you do along the way, but basically, poetry is a matter of the ear. Iambic pentameters or what constitutes a stanza comes naturally - your ears will know.
Why do writers, say, give up a job in economics and decide to write poetry? Or, why do they give up a job in a bank and decide to paint, like Krishan Khanna? They want to convey something.
Those books of mine that are remunerative - I'm not talking about poetry here - take years to write, and I am never sure they'll be successful. So writing is a risk in more senses than one.
The tradition of Russian literature is also an eastern tradition of learning poetry and prose by heart.
Poetry operates by hints and dark suggestions. It is full of secrets and hidden formulae, like a witch's brew.
Among the American contemporaries I read with most enjoyment are several North Carolinians. I think the best poetry being written these days is being written by Southerners.
The Language Poets are writing only about language itself. The Ashbery poets are writing only about poetry itself. That seems to me a kind of dead end.
Our most famous writers are Faulkner and Eudora Welty and Flannery O'Connor. It would make sense that the poetry would reflect some of those same values, some of the same techniques.
The decision to write in prose instead of poetry is made more by the readers than by writers. Almost no one is interested in reading narrative in verse.
I don't think American poetry has gotten any better in the past 35 years. Oddly enough, creative writing programs seem to have been good for fiction, and I would not have predicted that.
One of the most powerful devices of poetry is the use of distortions. You can go from talking about the way a minute passes to the way a century passes, or a lifetime.
The idea of avant-garde art is a very suspicious thing to me, the idea that poetry is new and it keeps being new the way Chevrolets every year are new.
Part of what we love about poetry is the fact that it seems ancient, that it has an authority of ancient language and ancient form, and that it's timeless, that it reaches back.
The importance of poetry is not measured, finally, by what the poet says but by how he says it.
The sentences I write have their roots in song and poetry, and take their bearings from music and painting, as much as from the need to impart mere information, or mirror anything. I am not a realist writer, even if I seem like one.
From my music training, I knew that, some Spanish rhythms apart, 5/4 is a time signature used only in the modern era. Holst's Mars from the Planets is 5/4. But if you speak lines of poetry in that pattern you just end up hitting the off-beats. It's only when you add a rest - a sixth beat - that it sounds as it surely should sound.
I like to write poetry.
Bad, quirky poetry might be better than some of the good stuff, because it really comes from the heart.
I think the best American poetry is the poetry that utilizes the resources of poetry rather than exploits the defects or triumphs of the poet's personality.
I'd like to go back to poetry again. I really, really revere good poetry. It's been my private discipline.
This is a good time to ask apologists for the Islamic regime, who degrades Islam? Who imposes stoning, forced marriage of underage girls and flogging for not wearing the veil? Do such practices represent Iran's ancient history and culture, its ethnic and religious diversity? Its centuries of sensual and subversive poetry?
Unfortunately, poetry is not born in noise, in crowds, or on a bus. There have to be four walls and the certainty that the telephone will not ring. That's what writing is all about.
Poetry always runs away from you - it's very difficult to grasp it, and every time you read it, depending on your conditions, you will have a different grasp of it. Whereas with a novel, once you have read it, you have grasped it.
My poetry is the most disappointing thing for me that I've ever written. When I say I can write everything, I don't say I can write everything well.
I'm not really one for fancy, big words and poetry, and the scriptwriters worked very hard on 'Paradise Lost' to translate it.
I've always written, all my life, and when I was very young I developed an interest in poetry.
I like the way words go together and I like the gamesmanship of writing poetry. It is such a challenge.
I don't think it's always good to read lots of poetry.
I love films. I love music. I love poetry and stories. All of that I feel... I sort of get very excited and fed by.
Distinctly American poetry is usually written in the context of one's geographic landscape, sometimes out of one's cultural myths, and often with reference to gender and race or ethnic origins.
An experienced reader uses the poem as an agent of inquiry. This makes poetry very exciting, unstable, and interactive.
Poetry is but another form of inquiry into the nature of phenomena, using with its own unique procedures and tools.
If poetry alters the way in which the reader views the world, then it has had its desired effect.
I'm quite sure that most writers would sustain real poetry if they could, but it takes devotion and talent.
On July 26, 1916, I announced to all my friends in America that from now on I resolved to write no more poems in the classical language, and to begin my experiments in writing poetry in the so-called vulgar tongue of the people.
I have been writing poetry since 1975. My first poetry book was published in 1986.
In a general way, I want to be a kind of flag-waver, bunting hanger-up, drum-beater, you name it, for poetry.
More people are reading poetry now than at any time in the history of the human race.
More people than ever are slowly but surely turning their ears toward poetry.
I was always making up rhymes. But I never thought that poetry would become my life.
We're all just animals. That's all we are, and everything else is just an elaborate justification of our instincts. That's where music comes from. And romantic poetry. And bad novels.
I did not move into developing or processing color. I stayed with black and white. I still think to this day that I prefer to work in black and white if it has to do with poetry or anything other than specific reality. I have worked in color when I thought it was the appropriate way to express the thought that I was working on.
If you go into a bar in most places in America and even say the word poetry, you'll probably get beaten up. But poetry is a really strong, beautiful form to me, and a lot of innovation in language comes from poetry.
Gradually I find that my whole soul is merging itself into this business of writing, and especially of writing poetry. I am going to try it; and am going to test, in the most rigid way I know, the awful question whether it is my vocation.
I don't write poetry and then strum some chords and then fit the words on top of the chords.
Prose talks and poetry sings.
Children can write poetry and then, unless they're poets, they stop when reach puberty.
I knew what book we had to write, it was clear in my head; it was journals and poetry. So I passed on their offer. I told my agent this is our vision, and no one's done it this way.
In fact a lot of them I think are absolute baloney. Those Charles Olsens and people like that. At first I was interested in seeing what they were up to, what they were doing, why they were doing it. They never moved me in the way that one is moved by true poetry.
If a line of poetry strays into my memory, my skin bristles so that the razor ceases to act.
The romanticised life, where all the great poetry and music and art of the world comes from, is great but it requires a lot of self-indulgence.
I am a writer, which means I write stories, I write novels, and I would write poetry if I knew how to. I don't want to limit myself.
Rap is rhythm and poetry. Hip-hop is storytelling and poetry as well.
I was actually a poetry major in college before I punted and decided to become a theater major. I wrote the poem that we put on the sauerkraut boxes in the style of Elling.
Poetry can't cure cancer, but it can save your life until you die.
Perhaps there is an idea among Japanese students that one general difference between Japanese and Western poetry is that the former cultivates short forms and the latter longer ones, gut this is only in part true.
I often imagine that the longer he studies English literature the more the Japanese student must be astonished at the extraordinary predominance given to the passion of love both in fiction and in poetry.
I see no reason for calling my work poetry except that there is no other category in which to put it.
Poetry is all nouns and verbs.
My father loved poetry and music. But deep in himself he thought teaching the finest thing a person could do.
All I knew about Ethiopia was from a few records that I like, as well as what I read about the famine. But you get there and it's another world. It's filled with art and music and poetry and intellectuals and writers - all kinds of people.
Poetry must be made by all and not by one.
I've been writing a lot of poetry recently. It helps me think and work things out.
A great many people seem to think writing poetry is worthwhile, even though it pays next to nothing and is not as widely read as it should be.
I work on words, mostly, toward them being poetry or short stories, and then some of those become songs. They all find their place in the world, but they all start off in the same place. I'm always painting and drawing as well, and it's an ongoing creative assignment.
I have had much to learn from Sweden's poetry and, more especially, from her lyrics of the last generation.
I don't want to bury anything in poetry.
If there's no money in poetry, neither is there poetry in money.
So now I have a collection of poetry by Aaron Neville and I give it to people I want to share it with. I'd like to publish it someday.
People wish to be poets more than they wish to write poetry, and that's a mistake. One should wish to celebrate more than one wishes to be celebrated.
On a summer night it can be lovely to sit around outside with friends after dinner and, yes, read poetry to each other. Keats and Yeats will never let you down, but it's differently exciting to read the work of poets who are still walking around out there.
American poetry, like American painting, is always personal with an emphasis on the individuality of the poet.
But I am not political in the current events sense, and I have never wanted anyone to read my poetry that way.
But I don't think that poetry is a good, to use a contemporary word, venue, for current events.
High and low culture come together in all Post Modern art, and American poetry is not excluded from this.
I definitely wish to distinguish American poetry from British or other English language poetry.
The poetry and transgression that was so much of surrealism's anarchic force has been recruited into mainstream culture. It has been made commonplace by television and magazine merchandising, by computer games and Internet visuals, by film and MTV, by the fashion shoot.
Journalism wishes to tell what it is that has happened everywhere as though the same things had happened for every man. Poetry wishes to say what it is like for any man to be himself in the presence of a particular occurrence as though only he were alone there.
So I suppose poetry, language, the shaping of it, was and remains for me an effort to make sense out of essentially senseless situations.
Written poetry is different. Best thing is to see it in performance first, then read it. Performance is more provocative.
I used to write stories and poetry, but for some reason I have it in my head that if I'm going to write, I have to write a script.
I have always written poetry but I have never applied it to songwriting.
I see people who talk about America, and then undermine it by not paying attention to its soul, to its poetry. I see polarization, reductionism and superficiality.
As to London we must console ourselves with the thought that if life outside is less poetic than it was in the days of old, inwardly its poetry is much deeper.
I've got a book of poetry by the bed, one of these big collections that goes back to the Greeks and Romans.
If our hearts are ready for anything, we are touched by the beauty and poetry and mystery that fill our world.
As for political poetry, as it's usually defined, it seems there's very little good political poetry.
Deep feeling doesn't make for good poetry. A way with language would be a bit of help.
My old teacher's definition of poetry is an attempt to understand.
Humour is a fine line to walk in poetry, as in fiction. I just think it's harder to write. It's harder to keep the respect of the reader too.
The poetry community here has been extraordinarily welcoming.
Then I discovered I loved writing poetry more than fiction.
How does one happen to write a poem: where does it come from? That is the question asked by the psychologists or the geneticists of poetry.
I'm not a writer. I think I can write short stories and poetry, but film writing, brilliant film writing, is a talent - you can't just do it like that.
There's a certain line between jokes and music and poetry that's a bit blurred in my mind.
I think I'm a very good reader of poetry, but obviously, like everybody, I have a set of criteria for reading poems, and I'm not shy about presenting them, so if people ask for my critical response to a poem, I tell them what works and why, and what doesn't work and why.
I think that great poetry is the most interesting and complex use of the poet's language at that point in history, and so it's even more exciting when you read a poet like Yeats, almost 100 years old now, and you think that perhaps no one can really top that.
Poetry has always been made to seem kind of cultish. But the truth is, everybody really loves it! It's much more mainstream than anyone thought.
Publishing the lyric books, poetry or comics of other musicians I know. That's the thing I really want to break into!
Religion is no more possible without prayer than poetry without language, or music without atmosphere.
There's a fierce practicality and empiricism which the whole imaginative, lyrical aspect of poetry comes from.
I come from a short fiction background, and my mom is a poet, so I've always read poetry; I've always had a lot of different influences both linguistically and musically.
The middle class is doing fine in fiction. But it's not what gets me going. I love the working class, and everyone from it I've met, and think they're incredibly witty, inventive - there's a lot of poetry there.
Poetry had great powers over me from my childhood, and today the poems live in my memory which I read at the age of 7 or 8 years and which drove me to desperate attempts at imitation.
There is the view that poetry should improve your life. I think people confuse it with the Salvation Army.
I've been writing since I was 10 or 11. I started with poetry because that was the easiest thing. It just kind of came naturally. I think at that time West Coast hip hop was huge; all these kids around me were like, 'I want to be a rapper.' But I'm a white girl, not going to be a rapper.
I really love poetry. I'm a big E.E. Cummings fan and a big Walt Whitman fan, and I have a big book of poetry.
My next project is to get back to that. Actually, to learn how to write poetry. I'm not kidding.
Let my life as Poet begin. I want the life of the Poet. I have labored for over twelve years, one thousand pages of prose. Now, I want the easiness of poetry. The brevity of the poem.
Poetry is fascinating. As soon as it begins the poetry has changed the thing into something extra, and somehow prose can go over into poetry.
I am not ridiculing verbal mechanisms, dreams, or repressions as origins of poetry; all three of them and more besides may have a great deal to do with it.
Poetry, especially traditional Iranian poetry, is very good at looking at things from a number of different angles simultaneously.
I don't live for poetry. I live far more than anybody else does.
I think it comes from really liking literary forms. Poetry is very beautiful, but the space on the page can be as affecting as where the text is. Like when Miles Davis doesn't play, it has a poignancy to it.
There is a wonderful Hungarian literature, especially in lyric poetry.
And my father was a comic. He could play any musical instrument. He loved to perform. He was a wonderfully comedic character. He had the ability to dance and sing and charm and analyze poetry.
I started out as a writer. Poetry and prose and also kind of satirical David Sedaris-esque stuff.
One of my greatest joys is poetry. I read it almost every day, and I've even taken a stab at writing some of my own. A poem I wrote for my mother when she was dying really helped me get through that hard time.
I've done a number of readings at poetry lounges in Vancouver and Los Angeles. I've compiled a book of poetry that's completed, and two others I'm working on.
Because people are very interested in my poetry, in what I say.
For me, movies and television are interesting because they are the dominant storytelling form of our time. My first love will always be fiction, and especially novels, but I'm a writer... I write poetry and essays and criticism and I'd love to write a whole play, and sometimes I even write scripts.
I liked painting and drawing, and I liked humanities mainly - poetry, literature - this speculative attitude toward life.
I think poetry is the only domain where a writer you like can truly be said to influence you, because you read and reread a poem so many times that it simply drills itself into your head.
A lot of people think, 'I'll give acting or poetry or filmmaking a try. And if it doesn't work out I'll go get a law degree, do something else that's more practical.' For me I went the reverse way. I lived the back-up plan.
It's necessary to start most work alone. But I'm tickled to death when I can pull somebody in or join someone, whether it's borrowing poetry or traveling with an associate.
I realized poetry's the thing that I can do 'cause I can stick at it and work with tremendous intensity.
The irony is, going to work every day became the subject of probably my best poetry.
My mother carried on and supported us; her ambition had been to write poetry and songs.
In politics, as in poetry, it is sometimes true that it is darkest before dawn.
Otherwise I don't read much adult poetry at all, because I'm not smart enough and mostly I don't get it.
I look for poetry in English because it's the only language I read.
I believe the death of Bobby Kennedy was in many ways the death of decency in America. I think it was the death of manners and formality, the death of poetry and the death of a dream.
The arts generally have had to recognize Modernism - how should poetry escape?
I'm as much influenced by Joseph Smith and the Mormons as I am, more so, than by Eliot. Actually, I'm much more influenced by the poetry of the Mormons.
It is true that short forms of poetry have been cultivated in the Far East more than in modern Europe; but in all European literature short forms of poetry are to be found - indeed quite as short as anything in Japanese.
Music is my thing. It's my thing; it's what I love. It's what I do. It's football to me; it's Christmas to me; religion to me; poetry to me.
A very intimate sense of the expressiveness of outward things, which ponders, listens, penetrates, where the earlier, less developed consciousness passed lightly by, is an important element in the general temper of our modern poetry.
Many attempts have been made by writers on art and poetry to define beauty in the abstract, to express it in the most general terms, to find some universal formula for it.
Poetry is at the centre of my life, too, emotionally speaking, and intellectually speaking - it's just that I'm one of those people who enjoy doing other stuff as well.
I'm not precisely saying that a really good board meeting at the MLA (Museums, Libraries and Archives Coucil) makes me want to go and write poetry, but there is a pleasure in doing that sort of thing well.
I wish I'd been better able to resist the sense of obligation to write some of the poems I did. It's in the nature of commissioned work to be written too much from the side of your mind that knows what it's doing, which dries up the poetry.
Thanks partly to the kind of poets that we now have and partly to funding, there's been a gigantic shift in the way poetry is perceived... Poems on the Underground, poets in schools, football clubs, zoos.
I wanted to reimagine the role, in a way that was respectful of its traditional responsibilities but made them part of a wider pattern of poetry about national incidents, events, preoccupations; and to spend a great deal of time going to schools trying to demystify poetry.
I don't think rap really fits in to 'American Idol' in the sense that I believe rap is an art form in itself more akin to poetry, more akin to drama, if you will.
I'm not an academic, but I've always loved poetry since I've been small.
Poetry is at least an elegance and at most a revelation.
I was a visual artist primarily and a writer, even from a very young age. I wrote a lot of stories and poetry and... I had a desire to create always. And I always had a desire to show my work.
I think poetry is best read to oneself.
Do-gooders are easily overlooked. We're supposed to be soft, touchy-feely types, who wear Birkenstocks, compost everything, and write poetry by candlelight.
Poetry is the key to the hieroglyphics of nature.
To be born in Wales, not with a silver spoon in your mouth, but, with music in your blood and with poetry in your soul, is a privilege indeed.
Music has a poetry of its own, and that poetry is called melody.
Science and art, or by the same token, poetry and prose differ from one another like a journey and an excursion. The purpose of the journey is its goal, the purpose of an excursion is the process.
The idea that myth is the opposite of knowledge, or the opposite of truth, is simply to disallow it. It is like saying poetry is the opposite of truth.
I'm a storyteller: the crux of the matter is to reach beauty, poetry; it doesn't matter if that is comedy or tragedy. They're the same if you reach the beauty.
Granted, I'm someone who loves words. I've always loved poetry - so it's suited to me.
I began the way nearly everybody I ever heard of - I began writing poetry. And I find that to be quite usual with writers, their trying their hand at poetry.
I used to write sonnets and various things, and moved from there into writing prose, which, incidentally, is a lot more interesting than poetry, including the rhythms of prose.
It was actually a women's writing group I belonged to in graduate school that gave me the courage to move from poetry to fiction.
The trouble with us in America isn't that the poetry of life has turned to prose, but that it has turned to advertising copy.
In high school I was very much involved in poetry. You cannot read a poem quickly. There's too much going on there. There are rhythms and alliterations. You have to read poetry slow, slow, slow to absorb it all.
I had art as a major, along with English, French and History. I had dance, modern dance. In English I was allowed to write my own poetry, which I eventually got published.
Poetry brings all possible experience to the same degree: a degree in the consciousness beyond which the consciousness itself cannot go.
I think poetry has lost an awful lot of its muscle because nobody knows any. Nobody has to memorize poetry.
Poetry is composing for the breath.
Poetry was invented as an mnemonic device to enable people to remember their prayers.
Poetry should be able to reach everybody, and it should be able to appeal to all levels of understanding.
But poetry is my life. Poetry is what matters to me.
And there are a lot more people reading poetry, but there are not so many people reading an individual poet.
There are so many things that poetry is about, one of which is memory.
It is a way we reassess our past. We can do that in poetry in ways we can't do in prose.
Conventional wisdom notwithstanding, there is no reason either in football or in poetry why the two should not meet in a man's life if he has the weight and cares about the words.
She was the Judy Garland of American poetry.
Poetry is something that happens in universities, in creative writing programs or in English departments.
I would say that American poetry has always been a poetry of personal testimony.
And at least in poetry you should feel free to lie. That is, not to lie, but to imagine what you want, to follow the direction of the poem.
A life is not sufficiently elevated for poetry, unless, of course, the life has been made into an art.
Poetry is innocent, not wise. It does not learn from experience, because each poetic experience is unique.
Well I guess the plan was to write poetry and publish books and make a living from writing poetry. That was a pretty ambitious plan I guess.
Lyrical poetry is not a big part of most people's lives. Twitter now becomes an interesting way of getting cared for language into people's space. Because there is something deep inside of us that responds to cared for language, whether it's literary, poetry, or really good lyrics in a song.
Poetry is a succession of questions which the poet constantly poses.
I think there's no excuse for the American poetry reader not knowing a good deal about what is going on in the rest of the world.
You watch an old 'Jeopardy!' and the categories alone are very plain. 'Poetry,' or 'Movies,' or 'Physics.' If you watch it now, though, there'll be a theme board where the categories are all Hitchcock movies. Lots more jokes, lots more high-concept categories and questions.
Poetry teaches us music, metaphor, condensation and specificity.
And yet, in a culture like ours, which is given to material comforts, and addicted to forms of entertainment that offer immediate gratification, it is surprising that so much poetry is written.
There's one of my new poems actually - is a good example of where my poetry has ended up. My earlier river poetry was more like a cross between Shelley and Dylan Thomas.
What we know is that Shakespeare wrote perhaps the most remarkable body of passionate love poetry in the English language to a young man.
But in the finished art of the song the use of words has no connection with the use of words in poetry.
If it is an imperfect word, no external circumstance can heighten its value as poetry.
It should here be added that poetry habitually takes the form of verse.
Poetry is the communication through words of certain experiences that can be communicated in no other way.
One can't write for all readers. A poet cannot write for people who don't like poetry.
Poetry does not consist of words alone; there must be sentiment and fancy, combination and arrangement.
Poetry is the impish attempt to paint the color of the wind.
Whereas with poetry no one has to show anybody really, and you don't have to tell anyone you're doing it.
I love to write poetry.
I guess I find the boundaries between poetry and prose to be somewhat permeable.
Poetry and prose are of equal importance to me as a reader, and there doesn't seem to be much difference in my own writing.
While I've had a great distaste for what's usually called song in modern poetry or for what's usually called music, I really don't think of speech as so far from song.
I can recite poetry, but I cannot write it.
Lapped in poetry, wrapped in the picturesque, armed with logical sentences and inalienable words.
Because, in fact, women, feminists, do read my poetry, and they read it often with the power of their political interpretation. I don't care; that's what poetry is supposed to do.
I'm perfectly happy when I look out at an audience and it's all women. I always think it's kind of odd, but then, more women than men, I think, read and write poetry.
PC stuff just lowers the general acceptance of good work and replaces it with bogus poetry that celebrates values that in themselves are probably quite worthy.
From reading a previous answer, you know that I consider all those aspects to be part of American cultural myth and thus they figure into good American poetry, whether the poet is aware of what he is doing or not.
I don't like political poetry, and I don't write it. If this question was pointing towards that, I think it is missing the point of the American tradition, which is always apolitical, even when the poetry comes out of politically active writers.
I have always wanted what I have now come to call the voice of personal narrative. That has always been the appealing voice in poetry. It started for me lyrically in Shakespeare's sonnets.
I have not the slightest pretension to call my verses poetry; I write now and then for no other purpose than to relieve depression or to improve my English.
And I know I'm supposed to feel guilty for wanting people to buy my books... and books in general? Novels and poetry, they belong to the realm of art. How dirty of us to try to hawk art! But, after a decade of hand-wringing and apologies, I can't quite muster the guilt anymore.
When you translate poetry in particular, you're obliged to look at how the writer with whom you're working puts together words, sentences, phrases, the triple tension between the line of verse, the syntax and the sentence.
Poetry seems to have been eliminated as a literary genre, and installed instead, as a kind of spiritual aerobic exercise - nobody need read it, but anybody can do it.
Stadium rock and commercial rock are the opposite of what poetry needs. An audience of around 200 is ideal for poetry.
I use rock and jazz and blues rhythms because I love that music. I hope my poetry has a relationship with good-time rock'n roll.
I guess the two Manifesto, Communicating Vessels, Mad Love, and some of his poetry made a significant mark on me but as far as bringing a literary element into the music I see it as a much broader assimilation.
Now, to read poetry at all is to have an ideal anthology of one's own, and in that possession to be incapable of content with the anthologies of all the world besides.
I always liked the magic of poetry but now I'm just starting to see behind the curtain of even the best poets, how they've used, tried and tested craft to create the illusion. Wonderful feeling of exhilaration to finally be there.
On the other hand, if there's an underlying core of poetry that I go to, I go to the sea. I've lived on the sea all my life. I live on the sea in Cape Breton.
I love painting and music, of course. I don't know nearly as much about them as I know about poetry. I've certainly been influenced by fiction. I was overwhelmed by War and Peace when I read it, and I didn't read it until I was in my late 20s.
I was excited by what my painter friends were doing, and they seemed to be interested in our poetry too, and that was a wonderful little, fizzy sort of world.
I wonder if I ever thought of an ideal reader... I guess when I was in my 20s and in New York and maybe even in my early 30s, I would write for my wife Janice... mainly for my poet friends and my wife, who was very smart about poetry.
I was influenced by surrealist poetry and painting as were thousands of other people, and it seems to me to have become a part of the way I write, but it's not.
Even the people who have had success and made money writing these books of fiction seem to feel the need to pretend it's no big deal, or part of a natural progression from poetry to fiction, but often it's really just about the money, the perceived prestige.
Serious poetry deals with the fundamental conflicts that cannot be logically resolved: we can state the conflicts rationally, but reason does not relieve us of them.
Poetry comes alive to me through recitation.
There's not a good poet I know who has not at the beck and call of his memory a vast quantity of poetry that composes his mental library.
I believe that the short story is as different a form from the novel as poetry is, and the best stories seem to me to be perhaps closer in spirit to poetry than to novels.
I published, privately, a collection of my serious poetry I had written over the years. I only published 50 copies, which I gave to friends, in a special deluxe edition. It was ridiculously expensive but I'm glad that I did it.
I want to write a book of poetry, as well as children's stories.
The urge to write poetry is like having an itch. When the itch becomes annoying enough, you scratch it.
I think what will happen is that fiction will become more like poetry. As in, the only people who read it will write it.
Poetry, for me, is the answer to, 'How does one stay sane when private lives are being ransacked by public events?' It's something that hangs over your head all the time.
Theater and poetry were what helped people stay alive and want to go on living.
I don't think Auden liked my poetry very much, he's very Anglican.
My cure for writer's block is to step away from the thing I'm stuck on, usually a novel, and write something totally different. Besides fiction, I write poetry, screenplays, essays and journalism. It's usually not the writing itself that I'm stuck on, but thing I'm trying to write. So I often have four or five things going at once.
Well, the great thing for me about poetry is that in good poems the dislocation of words, that is to say, the distance between what they say they're saying and what they are actually saying is at its greatest.
Well, I had this little notion - I started writing when I was eleven, writing poetry. I was passionately addicted to it; it was my great refuge through adolescence.
In a way I spend my entire life stealing from everything - from the past, from cities I love, from where I grew up - grabbing things, taking not only from architecture but from Italy, art, writing, poetry, music.
I think many people love poetry who don't know they love it. People are sometimes afraid of poetry, or they've been introduced to poetry that doesn't speak to them.
How much money you get, depends on lots of extraneous things. It depends on how good you are at turning poetry into a marketable product, which is something it was never supposed to be. That's why many people suppose that the better the poet you are the lower your income should be, and that's probably true.
Probably induced by the asthma, I started reading and writing early on, my literary efforts from the age of about nine running chiefly to poetry and plays.
My obsession with time informs my poetry so completely it is hard for me to summarize it. We want time to pass, for new things to happen to us, we want to hold on to certain moments, we don't want our lives to end.
There are interesting forms of difficulty, and there are unprofitable forms of difficulty. I mean, I enjoy some difficult poetry, but some of it is impenetrable and I actually wouldn't want to penetrate it if I could, perhaps.
Listeners are kind of ambushed... if a poem just happens to be said when they're listening to the radio. The listener doesn't have time to deploy what I call their 'poetry deflector shields' that were installed in high school - there's little time to resist the poem.
Well, if this is poetry, I'm certainly never going to write any myself.
Meet some people who care about poetry the way you do. You'll have that readership. Keep going until you know you're doing work that's worthy. And then see what happens. That's my advice.
Now I think poetry will save nothing from oblivion, but I keep writing about the ordinary because for me it's the home of the extraordinary, the only home.
Poetry seems to sink into us the way prose doesn't. I can still quote verses I learned when I was very young, but I have trouble remembering one line of a novel I just finished reading.
My wife has been my greatest earthly inspiration. She excels in eloquence, the poetry of words, empathy and graciousness.
Even if you only want to write science fiction, you should also read mysteries, poetry, mainstream literature, history, biography, philosophy, and science.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination.
Information is not knowledge.
Knowledge of what is does not open the door directly to what should be.
Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance.
A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots.
Ignorance is the curse of God; knowledge is the wing wherewith we fly to heaven.
He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors.
Knowledge is love and light and vision.
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it. The only real security that a man will have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience, and ability.
I was bold in the pursuit of knowledge, never fearing to follow truth and reason to whatever results they led, and bearding every authority which stood in their way.
When you know a thing, to hold that you know it, and when you do not know a thing, to allow that you do not know it - this is knowledge.
Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain.
To know what you know and what you do not know, that is true knowledge.
Knowledge is knowing that we cannot know.
No man can reveal to you nothing but that which already lies half-asleep in the dawning of your knowledge.
Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge.
Perplexity is the beginning of knowledge.
To know, is to know that you know nothing. That is the meaning of true knowledge.
It is not when truth is dirty, but when it is shallow, that the lover of knowledge is reluctant to step into its waters.
Opinion is the medium between knowledge and ignorance.
And what, Socrates, is the food of the soul? Surely, I said, knowledge is the food of the soul.
Knowledge without justice ought to be called cunning rather than wisdom.
The learning and knowledge that we have, is, at the most, but little compared with that of which we are ignorant.
Entire ignorance is not so terrible or extreme an evil, and is far from being the greatest of all; too much cleverness and too much learning, accompanied with ill bringing-up, are far more fatal.
To know that we know what we know, and to know that we do not know what we do not know, that is true knowledge.
Knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
Knowledge is true opinion.
Let us tenderly and kindly cherish, therefore, the means of knowledge. Let us dare to read, think, speak, and write.
Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family.
All the knowledge I possess everyone else can acquire, but my heart is all my own.
There is much pleasure to be gained from useless knowledge.
The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience and ability.
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
Even the knowledge of my own fallibility cannot keep me from making mistakes. Only when I fall do I get up again.
Doubt grows with knowledge.
Where there is shouting, there is no true knowledge.
We know accurately only when we know little, with knowledge doubt increases.
One whose knowledge is confined to books and whose wealth is in the possession of others, can use neither his knowledge nor wealth when the need for them arises.
Knowledge has to be improved, challenged, and increased constantly, or it vanishes.
Humility and knowledge in poor clothes excel pride and ignorance in costly attire.
All our knowledge has its origins in our perceptions.
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
Where is all the knowledge we lost with information?
Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours.
Those people who develop the ability to continuously acquire new and better forms of knowledge that they can apply to their work and to their lives will be the movers and shakers in our society for the indefinite future.
If knowledge can create problems, it is not through ignorance that we can solve them.
Knowledge is power. Information is power. The secreting or hoarding of knowledge or information may be an act of tyranny camouflaged as humility.
The true method of knowledge is experiment.
I would rather excel in the knowledge of what is excellent, than in the extent of my power and possessions.
No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience.
Knowledge is a polite word for dead but not buried imagination.
I prefer tongue-tied knowledge to ignorant loquacity.
Today knowledge has power. It controls access to opportunity and advancement.
Consider your origins: you were not made to live as brutes, but to follow virtue and knowledge.
They say a little knowledge is a dangerous thing, but it's not one half so bad as a lot of ignorance.
The aim of education is the knowledge not of facts but of values.
Knowledge which is divorced from justice, may be called cunning rather than wisdom.
I had therefore to remove knowledge, in order to make room for belief.
If education is always to be conceived along the same antiquated lines of a mere transmission of knowledge, there is little to be hoped from it in the bettering of man's future. For what is the use of transmitting knowledge if the individual's total development lags behind?
Property may be destroyed and money may lose its purchasing power; but, character, health, knowledge and good judgement will always be in demand under all conditions.
Suppose that we are wise enough to learn and know - and yet not wise enough to control our learning and knowledge, so that we use it to destroy ourselves? Even if that is so, knowledge remains better than ignorance.
Without knowledge action is useless and knowledge without action is futile.
I'm hungry for knowledge. The whole thing is to learn every day, to get brighter and brighter. That's what this world is about. You look at someone like Gandhi, and he glowed. Martin Luther King glowed. Muhammad Ali glows. I think that's from being bright all the time, and trying to be brighter.
Knowledge is like money: to be of value it must circulate, and in circulating it can increase in quantity and, hopefully, in value.
As the biggest library if it is in disorder is not as useful as a small but well-arranged one, so you may accumulate a vast amount of knowledge but it will be of far less value than a much smaller amount if you have not thought it over for yourself.
The only good is knowledge, and the only evil is ignorance.
Knowledge is power only if man knows what facts not to bother with.
Knowledge is the life of the mind.
Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information upon it.
Our knowledge can only be finite, while our ignorance must necessarily be infinite.
This life that has been given to us as a gift, as such a precious gift. To really try to understand it, really try to recognize it, is the greatest meditation. Through the media of this Knowledge we can tap into our inner sources that are so beautiful.
It is harder to conceal ignorance than to acquire knowledge.
Evil being the root of mystery, pain is the root of knowledge.
Cherish that which is within you, and shut off that which is without; for much knowledge is a curse.
Depend upon it there comes a time when for every addition of knowledge you forget something that you knew before. It is of the highest importance, therefore, not to have useless facts elbowing out the useful ones.
The ability to perceive or think differently is more important than the knowledge gained.
I think we risk becoming the best informed society that has ever died of ignorance.
We are drowning in information but starved for knowledge.
Even knowledge has to be in the fashion, and where it is not, it is wise to affect ignorance.
When a man's knowledge is not in order, the more of it he has the greater will be his confusion.
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
Without self knowledge, without understanding the working and functions of his machine, man cannot be free, he cannot govern himself and he will always remain a slave.
It is one of my sources of happiness never to desire a knowledge of other people's business.
Knowledge is the eye of desire and can become the pilot of the soul.
The knower and the known are one. Simple people imagine that they should see God as if he stood there and they here. This is not so. God and I, we are one in knowledge.
We live on an island surrounded by a sea of ignorance. As our island of knowledge grows, so does the shore of our ignorance.
If you first fortify yourself with the true knowledge of the Universal Self, and then live in the midst of wealth and worldliness, surely they will in no way affect you.
Every addition to true knowledge is an addition to human power.
Never stop learning; knowledge doubles every fourteen months.
A man of knowledge lives by acting, not by thinking about acting.
Any knowledge that doesn't lead to new questions quickly dies out: it fails to maintain the temperature required for sustaining life.
Having knowledge but lacking the power to express it clearly is no better than never having any ideas at all.
We don't know all the answers. If we knew all the answers we'd be bored, wouldn't we? We keep looking, searching, trying to get more knowledge.
If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it.
The knowledge of yourself will preserve you from vanity.
Knowledge is not a passion from without the mind, but an active exertion of the inward strength, vigor and power of the mind, displaying itself from within.
The knowledge of anything, since all things have causes, is not acquired or complete unless it is known by its causes.
I'll come to you with gifts of knowledge, wisdom and truth.
Knowledge is soon changed, then lost in the mist, an echo half-heard.
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will.
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest.
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
Imagination is more important than knowledge.
The gift of fantasy has meant more to me than my talent for absorbing positive knowledge.
The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth.
The only source of knowledge is experience.
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect.
The fact that I can plant a seed and it becomes a flower, share a bit of knowledge and it becomes another's, smile at someone and receive a smile in return, are to me continual spiritual exercises.
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance.
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.
It takes considerable knowledge just to realize the extent of your own ignorance.
Thought is the wind, knowledge the sail, and mankind the vessel.
Carry out a random act of kindness, with no expectation of reward, safe in the knowledge that one day someone might do the same for you.
God had brought me to my knees and made me acknowledge my own nothingness, and out of that knowledge I had been reborn. I was no longer the centre of my life and therefore I could see God in everything.
Knowledge is power.
A thorough knowledge of the Bible is worth more than a college education.
Wonder rather than doubt is the root of all knowledge.
Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge.
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
Faith is a knowledge within the heart, beyond the reach of proof.
A good decision is based on knowledge and not on numbers.
Liberty cannot be preserved without general knowledge among the people.
Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge: it is those who know little, and not those who know much, who so positively assert that this or that problem will never be solved by science.
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.
The one exclusive sign of thorough knowledge is the power of teaching.
As knowledge increases, wonder deepens.
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens.
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.
If you want to know the taste of a pear, you must change the pear by eating it yourself. If you want to know the theory and methods of revolution, you must take part in revolution. All genuine knowledge originates in direct experience.
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
Research is creating new knowledge.
Knowledge will forever govern ignorance; and a people who mean to be their own governors must arm themselves with the power which knowledge gives.
Don't only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets; art deserves that, for it and knowledge can raise man to the Divine.
Sorrow is knowledge, those that know the most must mourn the deepest, the tree of knowledge is not the tree of life.
True friendship can afford true knowledge. It does not depend on darkness and ignorance.
Despite my firm convictions, I have always been a man who tries to face facts, and to accept the reality of life as new experience and new knowledge unfolds. I have always kept an open mind, a flexibility that must go hand in hand with every form of the intelligent search for truth.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
The interpretation of dreams is the royal road to a knowledge of the unconscious activities of the mind.
Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods.
I believe that through knowledge and discipline, financial peace is possible for all of us.
It is with children that we have the best chance of studying the development of logical knowledge, mathematical knowledge, physical knowledge, and so forth.
A little knowledge that acts is worth infinitely more than much knowledge that is idle.
A manager is responsible for the application and performance of knowledge.
The aim of education is the knowledge, not of facts, but of values.
Others think it the responsibility of scientists to coerce the rest of society, because they have the power that derives from special knowledge.
It is not ignorance but knowledge which is the mother of wonder.
Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind.
Data is not information, information is not knowledge, knowledge is not understanding, understanding is not wisdom.
Knowledge is invariably a matter of degree: you cannot put your finger upon even the simplest datum and say this we know.
Grace is not part of consciousness; it is the amount of light in our souls, not knowledge nor reason.
Science investigates religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power religion gives man wisdom which is control.
We cannot stop natural disasters but we can arm ourselves with knowledge: so many lives wouldn't have to be lost if there was enough disaster preparedness.
Music is the one incorporeal entrance into the higher world of knowledge which comprehends mankind but which mankind cannot comprehend.
There is one quality which one must possess to win, and that is definiteness of purpose, the knowledge of what one wants, and a burning desire to possess it.
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life.
When people rely on surface appearances and false racial stereotypes, rather than in-depth knowledge of others at the level of the heart, mind and spirit, their ability to assess and understand people accurately is compromised.
It is possible to fly without motors, but not without knowledge and skill.
Religious speech is extreme, emotional, and motivational. It is anti-literal, relying on metaphor, allusion, and other rhetorical devices, and it assumes knowledge within a community of believers.
Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?
Science is the father of knowledge, but opinion breeds ignorance.
The doorstep to the temple of wisdom is a knowledge of our own ignorance.
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds.
Science knows no country, because knowledge belongs to humanity, and is the torch which illuminates the world. Science is the highest personification of the nation because that nation will remain the first which carries the furthest the works of thought and intelligence.
Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal, and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom.
Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, others just gargle.
Dogmatism and skepticism are both, in a sense, absolute philosophies; one is certain of knowing, the other of not knowing. What philosophy should dissipate is certainty, whether of knowledge or ignorance.
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice.
Happiness exists on earth, and it is won through prudent exercise of reason, knowledge of the harmony of the universe, and constant practice of generosity.
All science requires mathematics. The knowledge of mathematical things is almost innate in us. This is the easiest of sciences, a fact which is obvious in that no one's brain rejects it; for laymen and people who are utterly illiterate know how to count and reckon.
The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading.
There are three principal means of acquiring knowledge... observation of nature, reflection, and experimentation. Observation collects facts; reflection combines them; experimentation verifies the result of that combination.
Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful.
The person you consider ignorant and insignificant is the one who came from God, that he might learn bliss from grief and knowledge from gloom.
The greatest obstacle to discovery is not ignorance - it is the illusion of knowledge.
The more knowledge you have, the greater will be your fear of Allah.
I had rather excel others in the knowledge of what is excellent, than in the extent of my power and dominion.
I would rather excel others in the knowledge of what is excellent than in the extent of my powers and dominion.
Electrical science has revealed to us the true nature of light, has provided us with innumerable appliances and instruments of precision, and has thereby vastly added to the exactness of our knowledge.
Knowledge of the self is the mother of all knowledge. So it is incumbent on me to know my self, to know it completely, to know its minutiae, its characteristics, its subtleties, and its very atoms.
Discussion is an exchange of knowledge; an argument an exchange of ignorance.
It is not knowledge, but the act of learning, not possession but the act of getting there, which grants the greatest enjoyment.
Hackers are breaking the systems for profit. Before, it was about intellectual curiosity and pursuit of knowledge and thrill, and now hacking is big business.
Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love.
I'm a student of world religion, so to me, it's hugely important to have knowledge and to understand what people are doing.
Technology is so much fun but we can drown in our technology. The fog of information can drive out knowledge.
Science knows no country, because knowledge belongs to humanity, and is the torch which illuminates the world.
For my brothers it was easy to think about the future. They can be anything they want. But for me it was hard and for that reason I wanted to become educated and empower myself with knowledge.
I wash my hands of those who imagine chattering to be knowledge, silence to be ignorance, and affection to be art.
The recipe for perpetual ignorance is: Be satisfied with your opinions and content with your knowledge.
After all manner of professors have done their best for us, the place we are to get knowledge is in books. The true university of these days is a collection of books.
Love takes up where knowledge leaves off.
Compassion is sometimes the fatal capacity for feeling what it is like to live inside somebody else's skin. It is the knowledge that there can never really be any peace and joy for me until there is peace and joy finally for you too.
Universities exist to transmit knowledge and understanding of ideas and values to students not to provide entertainment for spectators or employment for athletes.
Do not share the knowledge with which you have been blessed with everyone in general, as you do with some people in particular; and know that there are some men in whom Allah, may He he glorified, has placed hidden secrets, which they are forbidden to reveal.
Illness is the doctor to whom we pay most heed; to kindness, to knowledge, we make promise only; pain we obey.
In a battle all you need to make you fight is a little hot blood and the knowledge that it's more dangerous to lose than to win.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers.
There is no greater impediment to the advancement of knowledge than the ambiguity of words.
A civilization is a heritage of beliefs, customs, and knowledge slowly accumulated in the course of centuries, elements difficult at times to justify by logic, but justifying themselves as paths when they lead somewhere, since they open up for man his inner distance.
Wisdom is the power to put our time and our knowledge to the proper use.
Inability to make decisions is one of the principal reasons executives fail. Deficiency in decision-making ranks much higher than lack of specific knowledge or technical know-how as an indicator of leadership failure.
Lost wealth may be replaced by industry, lost knowledge by study, lost health by temperance or medicine, but lost time is gone forever.
Life is a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of a future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.
Is there anything science should not try to explain? Science is knowledge and knowledge is power - power to do good or evil. Sometimes ignorance is bliss.
I think this is the most extraordinary collection of talent, of human knowledge, that has ever been gathered at the White House - with the possible exception of when Thomas Jefferson dined alone.
Knowledge becomes evil if the aim be not virtuous.
Checking the results of a decision against its expectations shows executives what their strengths are, where they need to improve, and where they lack knowledge or information.
It is beyond a doubt that all our knowledge that begins with experience.
If the education of our kids comes from radio, television, newspapers - if that's where they get most of their knowledge from, and not from the schools, then the powers that be are definitely in charge, because they own all those outlets.
The improvement of understanding is for two ends: first, our own increase of knowledge; secondly, to enable us to deliver that knowledge to others.
In some sort of crude sense, which no vulgarity, no humor, no overstatement can quite extinguish, the physicists have known sin; and this is a knowledge which they cannot lose.
Your workforce is your most valuable asset. The knowledge and skills they have represent the fuel that drives the engine of business - and you can leverage that knowledge.
If the Great Way perishes there will morality and duty. When cleverness and knowledge arise great lies will flourish. When relatives fall out with one another there will be filial duty and love. When states are in confusion there will be faithful servants.
There's only one effectively redemptive sacrifice, the sacrifice of self-will to make room for the knowledge of God.
The larger the island of knowledge, the longer the shoreline of wonder.
It is in moments of illness that we are compelled to recognize that we live not alone but chained to a creature of a different kingdom, whole worlds apart, who has no knowledge of us and by whom it is impossible to make ourselves understood: our body.
Wonder is the desire for knowledge.
I might have some character traits that some might see as innocence or naive. That's because I discovered peace and happiness in my soul. And with this knowledge, I also see the beauty of human life.
The art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge.
Science is the knowledge of consequences, and dependence of one fact upon another.
This is part of the involuntary bargain we make with the world just by being alive. We get to experiences the splendor of nature, the beauty of art, the balm of love and the sheer joy of existence, always with the knowledge that illness, injury, natural disaster, or pure evil can end it in an instant for ourselves or someone we love.
I wish I had known that education is the key. That knowledge is power. Now I pick up books and watch educational shows with my husband. I'm seeing how knowledge can elevate you.
All men are born with a nose and five fingers, but no one is born with a knowledge of God.
There is nothing which can better deserve your patronage, than the promotion of science and literature. Knowledge is in every country the surest basis of public happiness.
The first step towards knowledge is to know that we are ignorant.
Parents are usually more careful to bestow knowledge on their children rather than virtue, the art of speaking well rather than doing well; but their manners should be of the greatest concern.
Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom. One can find it, live it, be fortified by it, do wonders through it, but one cannot communicate and teach it.
Patriotism is voluntary. It is a feeling of loyalty and allegiance that is the result of knowledge and belief. A patriot shows their their patriotism through their actions, by their choice.
If repression has indeed been the fundamental link between power, knowledge, and sexuality since the classical age, it stands to reason that we will not be able to free ourselves from it except at a considerable cost.
My philosophy of leadership is to surround myself with good people who have ability, judgment and knowledge, but above all, a passion for service.
There is a universal, intelligent, life force that exists within everyone and everything. It resides within each one of use as a deep wisdom, an inner knowing. We can access this wonderful source of knowledge and wisdom through our intuition, an inner sense that tells us what feels right and true for us at any given moment.
To say, 'well done' to any bit of good work is to take hold of the powers which have made the effort and strengthen them beyond our knowledge.
The benefits of education and of useful knowledge, generally diffused through a community, are essential to the preservation of a free government.
Allah says in the Qur'an not to despise one another. So the criterion in Islam is not color or social status. It's who is most righteous. If I go to a mosque - and I'm a basketball player with money and prestige - if I go to a mosque and see an imam, I feel inferior. He's better than me. It's about knowledge.
All knowledge of cultural reality, as may be seen, is always knowledge from particular points of view.
Good nature is worth more than knowledge, more than money, more than honor, to the persons who possess it.
The modern mind is in complete disarray. Knowledge has stretched itself to the point where neither the world nor our intelligence can find any foot-hold. It is a fact that we are suffering from nihilism.
The degree of one's emotions varies inversely with one's knowledge of the facts.
Knowledge of God's Word is a bulwark against deception, temptation, accusation, even persecution.
A physician without a knowledge of Astrology has no right to call himself a physician.
Intuition and concepts constitute... the elements of all our knowledge, so that neither concepts without an intuition in some way corresponding to them, nor intuition without concepts, can yield knowledge.
The advancement and diffusion of knowledge is the only guardian of true liberty.
Anyone who thinks that the vice-president can take a position independent of the president of his administration simply has no knowledge of politics or government. You are his choice in a political marriage, and he expects your absolute loyalty.
The universal Mind contains all knowledge. It is the potential ultimate of all things. To it, all things are possible.
The world of knowledge takes a crazy turn when teachers themselves are taught to learn.
I know of no time in human history where ignorance was better than knowledge.
A jazz musician can improvise based on his knowledge of music. He understands how things go together. For a chef, once you have that basis, that's when cuisine is truly exciting.
Ignorance is never better than knowledge.
The role of the teacher is to create the conditions for invention rather than provide ready-made knowledge.
Intelligence, knowledge or experience are important and might get you a job, but strong communication skills are what will get you promoted.
For some students, especially in the sciences, the knowledge gained in college may be directly relevant to graduate study. For almost all students, a liberal arts education works in subtle ways to create a web of knowledge that will illumine problems and enlighten judgment on innumerable occasions in later life.
There comes a time when the mind takes a higher plane of knowledge but can never prove how it got there.
All men by nature desire knowledge.
A belief in hell and the knowledge that every ambition is doomed to frustration at the hands of a skeleton have never prevented the majority of human beings from behaving as though death were no more than an unfounded rumor.
The two operations of our understanding, intuition and deduction, on which alone we have said we must rely in the acquisition of knowledge.
Knowledge is the treasure of a wise man.
The only fence against the world is a thorough knowledge of it.
Golf... is the infallible test. The man who can go into a patch of rough alone, with the knowledge that only God is watching him, and play his ball where it lies, is the man who will serve you faithfully and well.
Scholastic learning and polemical divinity retarded the growth of all true knowledge.
Borrowing knowledge of reality from all sources, taking the best from every study, Science of Mind brings together the highest enlightenment of the ages.
Life is a travelling to the edge of knowledge, then a leap taken.
The apple cannot be stuck back on the Tree of Knowledge; once we begin to see, we are doomed and challenged to seek the strength to see more, not less.
Nature is the source of all true knowledge. She has her own logic, her own laws, she has no effect without cause nor invention without necessity.
Scientific discovery and scientific knowledge have been achieved only by those who have gone in pursuit of it without any practical purpose whatsoever in view.
To express the same idea in still another way, I think that human knowledge is essentially active.
For the things of this world cannot be made known without a knowledge of mathematics.
Kids are smart. Knowledge is power. Let them figure things out. Don't turn into that grown-up who they won't come to.
My philosophy from day one is that I can sleep better at night if I can improve an individual's knowledge about food and wine, and do it on a daily basis.
Fine art is knowledge made visible.
Those who have knowledge, don't predict. Those who predict, don't have knowledge.
Our treasure lies in the beehive of our knowledge. We are perpetually on the way thither, being by nature winged insects and honey gatherers of the mind.
We did it Disneyland, in the knowledge that most of the people I talked to thought it would be a financial disaster - closed and forgotten within the first year.
A toothache, or a violent passion, is not necessarily diminished by our knowledge of its causes, its character, its importance or insignificance.
Youth is the period in which a man can be hopeless. The end of every episode is the end of the world. But the power of hoping through everything, the knowledge that the soul survives its adventures, that great inspiration comes to the middle-aged.
The first step in a person's salvation is knowledge of their sin.
Mistakes are, after all, the foundations of truth, and if a man does not know what a thing is, it is at least an increase in knowledge if he knows what it is not.
Knowledge is proud that it knows so much; wisdom is humble that it knows no more.
To act on the belief that we possess the knowledge and the power which enable us to shape the processes of society entirely to our liking, knowledge which in fact we do not possess, is likely to make us do much harm.
Every great advance in natural knowledge has involved the absolute rejection of authority.
We can't have full knowledge all at once. We must start by believing; then afterwards we may be led on to master the evidence for ourselves.
No power in society, no hardship in your condition can depress you, keep you down, in knowledge, power, virtue, influence, but by your own consent.
Leisure and curiosity might soon make great advances in useful knowledge, were they not diverted by minute emulation and laborious trifles.
In expanding the field of knowledge we but increase the horizon of ignorance.
Knowledge is only one half. Faith is the other.
No body of knowledge needs an organizational policy. Organizational policy can only impede the advancement of knowledge. There is a basic incompatibility between any organization and freedom of thought.
The control of information is something the elite always does, particularly in a despotic form of government. Information, knowledge, is power. If you can control information, you can control people.
The medieval university looked backwards; it professed to be a storehouse of old knowledge. The modern university looks forward, and is a factory of new knowledge.
Proselytism is solemn nonsense; it makes no sense. We need to get to know each other, listen to each other and improve our knowledge of the world around us.
The first responsibility of the Muslim is as teacher. That is his job, to teach. His first school, his first classroom is within the household. His first student is himself. He masters himself and then he begins to convey the knowledge that he has acquired to the family. The people who are closest to him.
I don't claim to be knowledgeable about theology. Most of my knowledge comes out of my experience and the lessons in the Bible. Every Sunday I'm home I teach 45 minutes and we boiled them down to one page for the new book, 'Through the Year with Jimmy Carter.'
Knowledge is power, if you know it about the right person.
Every man gets a narrower and narrower field of knowledge in which he must be an expert in order to compete with other people. The specialist knows more and more about less and less and finally knows everything about nothing.
We are approaching a new age of synthesis. Knowledge cannot be merely a degree or a skill... it demands a broader vision, capabilities in critical thinking and logical deduction without which we cannot have constructive progress.
Someone who has experienced trauma also has gifts to offer all of us - in their depth, their knowledge of our universal vulnerability, and their experience of the power of compassion.
Scientific knowledge is in perpetual evolution; it finds itself changed from one day to the next.
Design is a way of life, a point of view. It involves the whole complex of visual communications: talent, creative ability, manual skill, and technical knowledge. Aesthetics and economics, technology and psychology are intrinsically related to the process.
We can summarize electricity, magnetism and gravity into equations one inch long, and that's the power of field theory. And so I said to myself: I will create a field theory of strings. And when I did it one day, it was incredible, realizing that on a sheet of paper I can write down an equation which summarized almost all physical knowledge.
When time and space and change converge, we find place. We arrive in Place when we resolve things. Place is peace of mind and understanding. Place is knowledge of self. Place is resolution.
Knowledge is power. Most of us agree that something has to be done to strengthen Social Security, and I believe it's irresponsible to arbitrarily dismiss any idea, Republican nor Democrat, without giving it a hard look.
I listened more than I studied... therefore little by little my knowledge and ability were developed.
A photographic portrait is a picture of someone who knows he is being photographed, and what he does with this knowledge is as much a part of the photograph as what he's wearing or how he looks.
In 20 or 30 years, you'll be able to hold in your hand as much computing knowledge as exists now in the whole city, or even the whole world.
The wise man should restrain his senses like the crane and accomplish his purpose with due knowledge of his place, time and ability.
Knowledge rests not upon truth alone, but upon error also.
Because in the school of the Spirit man learns wisdom through humility, knowledge by forgetting, how to speak by silence, how to live by dying.
Those Dutchmen had hardly any imagination or fantasy, but their good taste and their scientific knowledge of composition were enormous.
Faith: Belief without evidence in what is told by one who speaks without knowledge, of things without parallel.
The fundament upon which all our knowledge and learning rests is the inexplicable.
Although modesty is natural to man, it is not natural to children. Modesty only begins with the knowledge of evil.
Where all is but dream, reasoning and arguments are of no use, truth and knowledge nothing.
We have a hunger of the mind which asks for knowledge of all around us, and the more we gain, the more is our desire; the more we see, the more we are capable of seeing.
Knowledge is not eating, and we cannot expect to devour and possess what we mean. Knowledge is recognition of something absent; it is a salutation, not an embrace.
Nothing leads so straight to futility as literary ambitions without systematic knowledge.
Humans believe so many lies because we aren't aware. We ignore the truth or we just don't see the truth. When we are educated, we accumulate a lot of knowledge, and all that knowledge is just like a wall of fog that doesn't allow us to perceive the truth, what really is.
A lawyer without history or literature is a mechanic, a mere working mason; if he possesses some knowledge of these, he may venture to call himself an architect.
There is no arguing with the pretenders to a divine knowledge and to a divine mission. They are possessed with the sin of pride, they have yielded to the perennial temptation.
Knowledge is the most democratic source of power.
Our knowledge is a little island in a great ocean of nonknowledge.
In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you.
How can smart women be so stupid about men sometimes? Lack of knowledge. It's what men have kept secret for so long.
Our knowledge is a receding mirage in an expanding desert of ignorance.
If you want to be truly successful invest in yourself to get the knowledge you need to find your unique factor. When you find it and focus on it and persevere your success will blossom.
There is no substitute for accurate knowledge. Know yourself, know your business, know your men.
Knowledge of the sciences is so much smoke apart from the heavenly science of Christ.
Western civilization, unfortunately, does not link knowledge and morality but rather, it connects knowledge and power and makes them equivalent.
Knowledge is in the end based on acknowledgement.
Well, knowledge is a fine thing, and mother Eve thought so; but she smarted so severely for hers, that most of her daughters have been afraid of it since.
Lack of knowledge... that is the problem.
Faulkner is a writer who has had much to do with my soul, but Hemingway is the one who had the most to do with my craft - not simply for his books, but for his astounding knowledge of the aspect of craftsmanship in the science of writing.
Democracy is a daring concept - a hope that we'll be best governed if all of us participate in the act of government. It is meant to be a conversation, a place where the intelligence and local knowledge of the electorate sums together to arrive at actions that reflect the participation of the largest possible number of people.
Inductive reason, which alone makes man master of his environment, is an achievement; and when once born it must be reinforced by inhibiting the growth of other modes of knowledge.
There's no question that as science, knowledge and technology advance, that we will attempt to do more significant things. And there's no question that we will always have to temper those things with ethics.
In England only uneducated people show off their knowledge; nobody quotes Latin or Greek authors in the course of conversation, unless he has never read them.
I have thought about it a great deal, and the more I think, the more certain I am that obedience is the gateway through which knowledge, yes, and love, too, enter the mind of the child.
All wish to possess knowledge, but few, comparatively speaking, are willing to pay the price.
The natural desire of good men is knowledge.
This means that no single logic is strong enough to support the total construction of human knowledge.
Education in the light of present-day knowledge and need calls for some spirited and creative innovations both in the substance and the purpose of current pedagogy.
We fear that this moment will end, that we won't get what we need, that we will lose what we love, or that we will not be safe. Often, our biggest fear is the knowledge that one day our bodies will cease functioning. So even when we are surrounded by all the conditions for happiness, our joy is not complete.
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
We give you the facts. I told you information is power - knowledge is power. We can't be in an ideological battle to redeem the soul of this country if we don't have the facts.
Our problem, from the point of view of psychology and from the point of view of genetic epistemology, is to explain how the transition is made from a lower level of knowledge to a level that is judged to be higher.
Building technical systems involves a lot of hard work and specialized knowledge: languages and protocols, coding and debugging, testing and refactoring.
It is remarkable how many misconceptions there are here about life in the developing world and I think that that knowledge gap has done a lot to contribute to the imbalance quite frankly.
If you know you are on the right track, if you have this inner knowledge, then nobody can turn you off... no matter what they say.
It is like a voyage of discovery into unknown lands, seeking not for new territory but for new knowledge. It should appeal to those with a good sense of adventure.
We know that segregation is evil. We know that the sickest children should not go to the worst hospitals. No, I refuse to pretend the problem is insufficient knowledge. We lack the theological will to do it.
You cannot simply put something new into a place. You have to absorb what you see around you, what exists on the land, and then use that knowledge along with contemporary thinking to interpret what you see.
The thing I have discovered about working with personal finance is that the good news is that it is not rocket science. Personal finance is about 80 percent behavior. It is only about 20 percent head knowledge.
Studying whether there's life on Mars or studying how the universe began, there's something magical about pushing back the frontiers of knowledge. That's something that is almost part of being human, and I'm certain that will continue.
In other words, knowledge of the external world begins with an immediate utilisation of things, whereas knowledge of self is stopped by this purely practical and utilitarian contact.
After the Berlin Wall came down I visited that city and I will never forget it. The abandoned checkpoints. The sense of excitement about the future. The knowledge that a great continent was coming together. Healing those wounds of our history is the central story of the European Union.
I think in the NFL knowledge is power, and you try to get the knowledge by whatever means.
One can state, without exaggeration, that the observation of and the search for similarities and differences are the basis of all human knowledge.
Precision, speed, unambiguity, knowledge of files, continuity, discretion, unity, strict subordination, reduction of friction and of material and personal costs - these are raised to the optimum point in the strictly bureaucratic administration.
Imparting knowledge is only lighting other men's candles at our lamp without depriving ourselves of any flame.
I dream a world in no one feels the need for or fear of predatory behavior, in which each of us walks with the knowledge of how beautiful - and valuable - is each human life.
Men have always shown a dim knowledge of their better potentialities by paying homage to those purest leaders who taught the simplest and most inclusive rules for an undivided mankind.
Scientific research involves going beyond the well-trodden and well-tested ideas and theories that form the core of scientific knowledge. During the time scientists are working things out, some results will be right, and others will be wrong. Over time, the right results will emerge.
Now it is established in the sciences that no knowledge is acquired save through the study of its causes and beginnings, if it has had causes and beginnings; nor completed except by knowledge of its accidents and accompanying essentials.
Probability is expectation founded upon partial knowledge. A perfect acquaintance with all the circumstances affecting the occurrence of an event would change expectation into certainty, and leave nether room nor demand for a theory of probabilities.
We must always remember with gratitude and admiration the first sailors who steered their vessels through storms and mists, and increased our knowledge of the lands of ice in the South.
I think I have a duty as a recovering guy to help, to make my knowledge of what I went through accessible.
No group and no government can properly prescribe precisely what should constitute the body of knowledge with which true education is concerned.
Knowledge about life is one thing; effective occupation of a place in life, with its dynamic currents passing through your being, is another.
The advertisements in a newspaper are more full knowledge in respect to what is going on in a state or community than the editorial columns are.
We are here and it is now. Further than that, all human knowledge is moonshine.
Scientists have become the bearers of the torch of discovery in our quest for knowledge.
He who has so little knowledge of human nature as to seek happiness by changing anything but his own disposition will waste his life in fruitless efforts.
The great end of life is not knowledge but action.
The study and knowledge of the universe would somehow be lame and defective were no practical results to follow.
When you deal with a person who's experiencing dementia, you can see where they're struggling with knowledge. You can see what they forget completely, what they forget but they know what they once knew. You can tell how they're trying to remember.
I think a lot of people, even Christians, are willing to be satisfied with gaining lots and lots of biblical knowledge - and many people go to Bible studies and don't realize it isn't enough to know what's right, it's applying the information and the knowledge that you have.
We can be knowledgable with other men's knowledge but we cannot be wise with other men's wisdom.
But although all our knowledge begins with experience, it does not follow that it arises from experience.
The youth of an art is, like the youth of anything else, its most interesting period. When it has come to the knowledge of good and evil it is stronger, but we care less about it.
We are sinful not only because we have eaten of the Tree of Knowledge, but also because we have not yet eaten of the Tree of Life. The state in which we are is sinful, irrespective of guilt.
How pathetically scanty my self-knowledge is compared with, say, my knowledge of my room. There is no such thing as observation of the inner world, as there is of the outer world.
There are in fact two things, science and opinion; the former begets knowledge, the later ignorance.
But inner experience is only one source of human knowledge.
It is the province of knowledge to speak, and it is the privilege of wisdom to listen.
All our knowledge merely helps us to die a more painful death than animals that know nothing.
Ignorance is bold and knowledge reserved.
I know that I have lived because I have felt, and, feeling giving me the knowledge of my existence, I know likewise that I shall exist no more when I shall have ceased to feel.
The Supreme Court has insulted you over and over again, Lord. They've taken your Bible away from the schools. They've forbidden little children to pray. They've taken the knowledge of God as best they can, and organizations have come into court to take the knowledge of God out of the public square of America.
An humble knowledge of thyself is a surer way to God than a deep search after learning.
The desire of knowledge, like the thirst of riches, increases ever with the acquisition of it.
But because many endeavor to get knowledge rather than to live well, they are often deceived and reap little or no benefit from their labor.
The greatest gift is a passion for reading. It is cheap, it consoles, it distracts, it excites, it gives you knowledge of the world and experience of a wide kind. It is a moral illumination.
Knowledge of other people's beliefs and ways of thinking must be used to build bridges, not to create conflicts.
The generous wish to share with all what is precious, to spread broadcast priceless truths, to shut out none from the illumination of true knowledge, has resulted in a zeal without discretion that has vulgarised Christianity, and has presented its teachings in a form that often repels the heart and alienates the intellect.
Courage is a special kind of knowledge: the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.
You don't have to be a brain surgeon to be a valuable person. You become valuable because of the knowledge that you have. And that doesn't mean you won't fail sometimes. The important thing is to keep trying.
In formal logic, a contradiction is the signal of defeat, but in the evolution of real knowledge it marks the first step in progress toward a victory.
Exclusively of the abstract sciences, the largest and worthiest portion of our knowledge consists of aphorisms: and the greatest and best of men is but an aphorism.
Though knowledge itself increasingly ignores boundaries between fields, professors are apt to organize their pedagogy around the methods and history of their academic subculture rather than some coherent topic in the world.
Well, there are two kinds of happiness, grounded and ungrounded. Ungrounded happiness is cheesy and not based on reality. Grounded happiness is informed happiness based on the knowledge that the world sometimes sucks, but even then you have to believe in yourself.
You can do anything you think you can. This knowledge is literally the gift of the gods, for through it you can solve every human problem. It should make of you an incurable optimist. It is the open door.
I'm a strict, strict agnostic. It's very different from a casual, 'I don't know.' It's that you cannot present as knowledge something that is not knowledge. You can present it as faith, you can present it as belief, but you can't present it as fact.
Music can be healing, and with my history and my knowledge of both sides of what looks like a gigantic divide in the world, I feel I can point a way forward to our common humanity again.
The age we live in is a busy age; in which knowledge is rapidly advancing towards perfection.
I feel like 35. At 35 you're old enough to know something and young enough to look forward to what you can do with the knowledge. So I stayed at 35!
The amount of meetings I've been in - people would be shocked. But that's how you gain experience, how you can gain knowledge, being in meetings and participating. You learn and grow.
All human knowledge takes the form of interpretation.
Wisdom we know is the knowledge of good and evil, not the strength to choose between the two.
There's no such thing is aging, but maturing and knowledge. It's beautiful, I call that beauty.
He will therefore have to use what knowledge he can achieve, not to shape the results as the craftsman shapes his handiwork, but rather to cultivate a growth by providing the appropriate environment, in the manner in which the gardener does this for his plants.
A commitment to human rights cannot be fostered simply through the transmission of knowledge. Action and experience play a crucial role in the learning process.
There can be no knowledge without emotion. We may be aware of a truth, yet until we have felt its force, it is not ours. To the cognition of the brain must be added the experience of the soul.
Most North Americans know that human-caused global warming is real, even if political leaders don't always reflect or act on that knowledge.
One of the things that makes our military the best in the world is the certain knowledge of each soldier, sailor, airman, and Marine that they can always count on their comrades should they need help - that they will never be abandoned.
In the Atlantean period there were many energies being used and information and knowledge being used which were, for particular reasons of safety, withdrawn, shall we say, to prevent complete catastrophe, to prevent total destruction of your planet.
We foresee no limit to scientific advancement in the future, and in scientific truth there is nothing dead; science is always a living and growing body of knowledge; but art on the contrary has many times run its course to an end, and exhausted its vital power.
Time is only an idea. There is only the Reality. Whatever you think it is, it looks like that. If you call it time, it is time. If you call it existence, it is existence, and so on. After calling it time, you divide it into days and nights, months, years, hours, minutes, etc. Time is immaterial for the Path of Knowledge.
The secret of improved plant breeding, apart from scientific knowledge, is love.
It is no good to try to stop knowledge from going forward. Ignorance is never better than knowledge.
The current state of knowledge is a moment in history, changing just as rapidly as the state of knowledge in the past has ever changed and, in many instances, more rapidly.
A largely unregulated Internet has created knowledge and wealth, but it's also long provided a medium for predatory, abusive and bullying behavior.
People live longer today than they ever have. They live happier lives, have more knowledge, more information. All this is the result of communications technology. How is any of that bad?
Medical knowledge and technical savvy are biodegradable. The sort of medicine that was practiced in Boston or New York or Atlanta fifty years ago would be as strange to a medical student or intern today as the ceremonial dance of a !Kung San tribe would seem to a rock festival audience in Hackensack.
All knowledge which ends in words will die as quickly as it came to life, with the exception of the written word: which is its mechanical part.
We are buried beneath the weight of information, which is being confused with knowledge; quantity is being confused with abundance and wealth with happiness.
Use your gifts faithfully, and they shall be enlarged; practice what you know, and you shall attain to higher knowledge.
I have learned throughout my life as a composer chiefly through my mistakes and pursuits of false assumptions, not by my exposure to founts of wisdom and knowledge.
Human dignity is better served by embracing knowledge.
Another hero was Tom Swift, in the books. What he stood for, the freedom, the scientific knowledge and being and engineer gave him the ability to invent solutions to problems. He's always been a hero to me. I buy old Tom Swift books now and read them to my own children.
Inner city education must change. Our responsibility is not merely to provide access to knowledge; we must produce educated people.
My advice to women in general: Even if you're doing a nine-to-five job, treat yourself like a boss. Not arrogant, but be sure of what you want - and don't allow people to run anything for you without your knowledge.
At each increase of knowledge, as well as on the contrivance of every new tool, human labour becomes abridged.
History offers us vicarious experience. It allows the youngest student to possess the ground equally with his elders; without a knowledge of history to give him a context for present events, he is at the mercy of every social misdiagnosis handed to him.
Teaching children about entrepreneurship is much like imparting any other skill or piece of knowledge. You will provide them with ways to experience how entrepreneurship works, and you guide them toward the subjects or areas they seem to show an interest in.
If we want our children to value education, then we must show our appreciation for knowledge.
To those who have chosen the profession of medicine, a knowledge of chemistry, and of some branches of natural history, and, indeed, of several other departments of science, affords useful assistance.
Most of my technical knowledge comes from having worked in the industrial video industry.
Knowledge is power. You can't begin a career, for that matter even a relationship, unless you know everything there is to know about it.
The primary goal of management education was, as originally conceived, to impart knowledge that could be applied to a variety of real-world business situations.
The Cemetery of Forgotten Books is a metaphor, not just for books but for ideas, for language, for knowledge, for beauty, for all the things that make us human, for collecting memory.
Knowledge is the prime need of the hour.
By simply capitalizing on core strengths and knowledge, companies and entrepreneurs can engage in an emerging business model that will enable them to create - and demonstrate - real, sustainable social impact in society.
One of the things we often miss in succession planning is that it should be gradual and thoughtful, with lots of sharing of information and knowledge and perspective, so that it's almost a non-event when it happens.
A lot of knowledge in any kind of an organization is what we call task knowledge. These are things that people who have been there a long time understand are important, but they may not know how to talk about them. It's often called the culture of the organization.
Widespread public access to knowledge, like public education, is one of the pillars of our democracy, a guarantee that we can maintain a well-informed citizenry.
Aging is an inevitable process. I surely wouldn't want to grow younger. The older you become, the more you know; your bank account of knowledge is much richer.
Later, I realized that the mission had to end in a let-down because the real barrier wasn't in the sky but in our knowledge and experience of supersonic flight.
I think that probably the most important thing about our education was that it taught us to question even those things we thought we knew. To say you've got to inquire, you've got to be testing your knowledge all the time in order to be more effective in what you're doing.
Perhaps as good a classification as any of the main types is that of the three lusts distinguished by traditional Christianity - the lust of knowledge, the lust of sensation, and the lust of power.
The ultimate ground of faith and knowledge is confidence in God.
It is common knowledge that smoking is considered one of the nation's leading causes of preventable death, but it's less widely known that cigarettes are also the leading cause of fatal fires.
The career of politics grants a feeling of power. The knowledge of influencing men, of participating in power over them, and above all, the feeling of holding in one's hands a nerve fiber of historically important events can elevate the professional politician above everyday routine even when he is placed in formally modest positions.
I'm not saying that atheists can't act morally or have moral knowledge. But when I ascribe virtue to an atheist, it's as a theist who sees the atheist as conforming to objective moral values. The atheist, by contrast, has no such basis for morality. And yet all moral judgments require a basis for morality, some standard of right and wrong.
In general, the public knowledge base and thus decision-making behaviors are far more influenced by advertisement than with current science.
The deductive method is the mode of using knowledge, and the inductive method the mode of acquiring it.
After the knowledge of, and obedience to, the will of God, the next aim must be to know something of His attributes of wisdom, power, and goodness as evidenced by His handiwork.
Man seeks to learn, and man kills himself because of the loss of cohesion in his religious society; he does not kill himself because of his learning. It is certainly not the learning he acquires that disorganizes religion; but the desire for knowledge wakens because religion becomes disorganized.
Fullness of knowledge always means some understanding of the depths of our ignorance; and that is always conducive to humility and reverence.
It's hard to decide how to match words to music. It's not like it's twice the work. It's always difficult for me to explain to the composer what I'm looking for. I'm not a professional; I lack even basic knowledge about writing music.
For whatever be the knowledge which we are able to obtain of God, either by perception or reflection, we must of necessity believe that He is by many degrees far better than what we perceive Him to be.
You think aerobics is not a cool sport? I think you are wrong. It requires amazing discipline - flexibility, fitness, knowledge. And you have to do it with a big smile on your face. Also, I once performed in front of 10,000 screaming women. I tell you something, I'd rather do that than kick a ball around in front of a few men.
Effective use of Braille is as important to the blind as independent mobility, knowledge in the use of adaptive technology, and the core belief that equality, opportunity and security are truly possible for all people who are blind.
This celebration here tells me that this work is not hopeless. I thank you for this teaching with all my heart and lift my glass to human solidarity, to the ultimate victory of knowledge, peace, good-will and understanding.
In garden arrangement, as in all other kinds of decorative work, one has not only to acquire a knowledge of what to do, but also to gain some wisdom in perceiving what it is well to let alone.
Risk models are a substitute for historical knowledge, because they tend to work with just three years' worth of data. But three years is not a long time in financial history.
We too, through lack of knowledge and of sufficiently mature reflection, mistook the visible outward appearance of the phenomenon for the phenomenon itself.
Knowledge is not just the preserve of the educated elite. Just because someone has not had a formal education, that does not mean he does not have wisdom and common sense.
The trend of all knowledge at the present is to specialize, but archaeology has in it all the qualities that call for the wide view of the human race, of its growth from the savage to the civilized, which is seen in all stages of social and religious development.
Knowledge is the consequence of time, and multitude of days are fittest to teach wisdom.
It is a matter of common knowledge that the government of South Carolina is under domination of a small ring of cunning, conniving men.
Here, class attendance is expected and students are required to take notes, which they are tested on. What is missing, it seems to me, is the use of knowledge, the practical training.
Knowledge cultivates your seeds and does not sow in your seeds.
What we want is to see the child in pursuit of knowledge, and not knowledge in pursuit of the child.
Thought must be divided against itself before it can come to any knowledge of itself.
The price one pays for pursuing any profession, or calling, is an intimate knowledge of its ugly side.
The knowledge of God is very far from the love of Him.
Prices are important not because money is considered paramount but because prices are a fast and effective conveyor of information through a vast society in which fragmented knowledge must be coordinated.
Vanity of science. Knowledge of physical science will not console me for ignorance of morality in time of affliction, but knowledge of morality will always console me for ignorance of physical science.
Knowledge slowly builds up what Ignorance in an hour pulls down.
It is now common knowledge that the average American gains 7 pounds between Thanksgiving and New Year's Day.
Where knowledge ends, religion begins.
To be conscious that you are ignorant of the facts is a great step to knowledge.
In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge.
He that hath knowledge spareth his words.
Ardor, n. The quality that distinguishes love without knowledge.
Knowledge and human power are synonymous.
Helping someone come to a saving knowledge of Christ is the greatest achievement possible.
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing, but a little want of knowledge is also a dangerous thing.
Knowledge without education is but armed injustice.
Sin, guilt, neurosis; they are one and the same, the fruit of the tree of knowledge.
Wisdom is knowledge which has become a part of one's being.
There is no desire more natural than the desire for knowledge.
The seat of knowledge is in the head; of wisdom, in the heart. We are sure to judge wrong, if we do not feel right.
Knowledge of what is possible is the beginning of happiness.
If a little knowledge is dangerous, where is the man who has so much as to be out of danger?
Zeal without knowledge is fire without light.
Knowledge is recognition of something absent; it is a salutation, not an embrace.
I don't think any person has any special knowledge about what God has planned for me and you any more than me and you do.
When a doctor does go wrong he is the first of criminals. He has nerve and he has knowledge.
If in preaching the gospel you substitute your knowledge of the way of salvation for confidence in the power of the gospel, you hinder people from getting to reality.
Zeal will do more than knowledge.
Science gives us knowledge, but only philosophy can give us wisdom.
We own almost all our knowledge not to those who have agreed but to those who have differed.
What does mysticism really mean? It means the way to attain knowledge. It's close to philosophy, except in philosophy you go horizontally while in mysticism you go vertically.
Knowledge is two-fold, and consists not only in an affirmation of what is true, but in the negation of that which is false.
The improver of natural knowledge absolutely refuses to acknowledge authority, as such. For him, skepticism is the highest of duties; blind faith the one unpardonable sin.
That writer does the most who gives his reader the most knowledge and takes from him the least time.
His priority did not seem to be to teach them what he knew, but rather to impress upon them that nothing, not even... knowledge, was foolproof.
G is Grace, the Flaming Star is the Torch of Reason. Those who possess this knowledge are indeed Illuminati.
In conversation, humor is worth more than wit and easiness more than knowledge.
In your thirst for knowledge, be sure not to drown in all the information.
The knowledge I have now is not the knowledge I had then.
Human relations are built on feeling, not on reason or knowledge. And feeling is not an exact science; like all spiritual qualities, it has the vagueness of greatness about it.
Contention is inseparable from creating knowledge. It is not contention we should try to avoid, but discourses that attempt to suppress contention.
The animals that depend on instinct have an inherent knowledge of the laws of economics and of how to apply them; Man, with his powers of reason, has reduced economics to the level of a farce which is at once funnier and more tragic than Tobacco Road.
People of small caliber are always carping. They are bent on showing their own superiority, their knowledge or prowess or good breeding.
Knowledge is that possession that no misfortune can destroy, no authority can revoke, and no enemy can control. This makes knowledge the greatest of all freedoms.
There is, so I believe, in the essence of everything, something that we cannot call learning. There is, my friend, only a knowledge - that is everywhere.
It's very strange that most people don't care if their knowledge of their family history only goes back three generations.
I served the famous professors and scholars, and eventually they learned that the Reverend Moon is superior to them. Even Nobel laureate academics who thought they were at the center of knowledge are as nothing in front of me.
We do not need to be shoemakers to know if our shoes fit, and just as little have we any need to be professionals to acquire knowledge of matters of universal interest.
We must develop knowledge optimization initiatives to leverage our key learnings.
I'm not a type-B personality who knows I have a cancer growing inside of me and can live with the knowledge. I go into a kung-fu attack position when I go through the door of a hospital.
Knowledge of human nature is the beginning and end of political education.
An accurate knowledge of the past of a country is necessary for everyone who would understand its present, and who desires to judge of its future.
It is the duty of the followers of Islam to spread through the civilised world, a knowledge of what Islam means - its spirit and message.
Since we can't know what knowledge will be most needed in the future, it is senseless to try to teach it in advance. Instead, we should try to turn out people who love learning so much and learn so well that they will be able to learn whatever needs to be learned.
It is impossible to make people understand their ignorance, for it requires knowledge to perceive it; and, therefore, he that can perceive it hath it not.
I believe patriotism comes from the heart. Patriotism is voluntary. It is a feeling of loyalty and allegiance that is the result of knowledge and belief.
That is the true definition of sin; when knowing right you do the lower, ah, then you sin. Where there is no knowledge, sin is not present.
When knowledge is limited - it leads to folly... When knowledge exceeds a certain limit, it leads to exploitation.
Knowledge is not simply another commodity. On the contrary. Knowledge is never used up. It increases by diffusion and grows by dispersion.
When we go to the Bible we should keep in mind that the basic principles of the Bible are taught by God, but written down by human beings deprived of modern day knowledge. So there is some fallibility in the writings of the Bible. But the basic principles are applicable to my life and I don't find any conflict among them.
It would be great to be able to pass on to someone all of the successes, the failures, and the knowledge that one has had. To help someone, avoid all the fire, pain and anxiety would be wonderful.
Education, whatever else it should or should not be, must be an inoculation against the poisons of life and an adequate equipment in knowledge and skill for meeting the chances of life.
And I pray thee, loving Jesus, that as Thou hast graciously given me to drink in with delight the words of Thy knowledge, so Thou wouldst mercifully grant me to attain one day to Thee, the fountain of all wisdom and to appear forever before Thy face.
It is not the quantity but the quality of knowledge which determines the mind's dignity.
Every mind was made for growth, for knowledge, and its nature is sinned against when it is doomed to ignorance.
The great aim of education is not knowledge but action.
Compassion is a practically acquired knowledge, like dancing. You must do it and practice diligently day by day.
It is becoming clear that the old platitudes can no longer be maintained, and that if we wish to improve our morals we must first improve our knowledge.
I think my knowledge of music theory is rooted in jazz theory, and a lot of the writers of standards - Rodgers and Hart, and Gershwin.
It may, however, be said that the level of experience to which concepts are inapplicable cannot yield any knowledge of a universal character, for concepts alone are capable of being socialized.
You should not ask questions without knowledge.
Knowledge shrinks as wisdom grows.
All knowledge or form conception is evoked through the medium of the eye, either in response to disturbances directly received on the retina or to their fainter secondary effects and reverberations. Other sense organs can only call forth feelings which have no reality of existence and of which no conception can be formed.
Debating clubs among boys are very useful, not only as affording pleasant meetings and interesting discussions, but also as serving for training grounds for developing the knowledge and the qualities that are needed in public life.
If knowledge and foresight are too penetrating and deep, unify them with ease and sincerity.
If you go and talk to most people, they mean well but they don't have much of a breadth on education, of knowledge of understanding what the real issues are and therefore they listen to pundits on television who tell them what they are supposed to think and they keep repeating that until pretty soon they say, 'Oh, well that must be true.'
A serious problem in America is the gap between academe and the mass media, which is our culture. Professors of humanities, with all their leftist fantasies, have little direct knowledge of American life and no impact whatever on public policy.
I think it is totally wrong and terribly harmful if education is defined as acquiring knowledge.
The science of politics is the one science that is deposited by the streams of history, like the grains of gold in the sand of a river; and the knowledge of the past, the record of truths revealed by experience, is eminently practical, as an instrument of action and a power that goes to making the future.
If I was left to my own devices, you would see about ten T-shirts in rotation with maybe a few nice pairs of jeans - but I also like to look good. I like feeling really well put together, I just don't have the aptitude and the knowledge to do that.
I think education is both using and improving knowledge and that changes the whole picture.
We learn much during our sleep, and the knowledge thus gained slowly filters into the physical brain, and is occasionally impressed upon it as a vivid and illuminative dream.
Knowledge is an unending adventure at the edge of uncertainty.
The humanitarian lays stress almost solely upon breadth of knowledge and sympathy.
You will always have partial points of view, and you'll always have the story behind the story that hasn't come out yet. And any form of journalism you're involved with is going to be up against a biased viewpoint and partial knowledge.
Academics lack perspective. In a debate on whether the world is round, they would argue, 'No,' because it's an oblate spheroid. They suffer from 'the curse of knowledge': the inability to imagine what it's like not to know something that they know.
The family teaches us about the importance of knowledge, education, hard work and effort. It teaches us about enjoying ourselves, having fun, keeping fit and healthy.
Knowledge, learning, is an eternal thing.
The greatest sin is judgment without knowledge.
The really frightening thing about middle age is the knowledge that you'll grow out of it.
A man of knowledge chooses a path with a heart and follows it and then he looks and rejoices and laughs and then he sees and knows.
A great many things which in times of lesser knowledge we imagined to be superstitious or useless, prove today on examination to have been of immense value to mankind.
I don't know what is better than the work that is given to the actor-to teach the human heart the knowledge of itself.
Argument is conclusive, but it does not remove doubt, so that the mind may rest in the sure knowledge of the truth, unless it finds it by the method of experiment.
My practicality consists in this, in the knowledge that if you beat your head against the wall it is your head which breaks and not the wall - that is my strength, my only strength.
Knowledge is a weapon. I intend to be formidably armed.
Fools act on imagination without knowledge, pedants act on knowledge without imagination.
There is no knowledge, no light, no wisdom that you are in possession of, but what you have received it from some source.
So I'd be quite happy to have a three-hour Lincoln-Douglas-style debate with Barack Obama. I'd let him use a teleprompter. I'll just rely on knowledge. We'll do fine.
When a child comes in, I believe that it's a 'multipersonhood,' and it knows it, its consciousness knows it, and it has a nuclei in the center of its consciousness that is the repository of all experience and all knowledge. And when you look in the eyes of your baby and you feel this sense that they are an old soul, I believe indeed they are.
But now with the living conditions deteriorating, and with the sure knowledge that we are slated for destruction, we have been transformed into an implacable army of liberation.
Cultures have long heard wisdom in non-human voices: Apollo, god of music, medicine and knowledge, came to Delphi in the form of a dolphin. But dolphins, which fill the oceans with blipping and chirping, and whales, which mew and caw in ultramarine jazz - a true rhapsody in blue - are hunted to the edge of silence.
I came to accept during my freshman year that many of the gaps in my knowledge and understanding were simply limits of class and cultural background, not lack of aptitude or application as I'd feared.
Give, give, give - what is the point of having experience, knowledge or talent if I don't give it away? Of having stories if I don't tell them to others? Of having wealth if I don't share it? I don't intend to be cremated with any of it! It is in giving that I connect with others, with the world and with the divine.
There's a period of life when we swallow a knowledge of ourselves and it becomes either good or sour inside.
Anything that gives us new knowledge gives us an opportunity to be more rational.
The truth is often terrifying, which I think is one of the motifs of Larry and Andrew's cinema. The cost of knowledge is an important theme. In the second and third films, they explore the consequences of Neo's choice to know the truth. It's a beautiful, beautiful story.
Love, work, and knowledge are the wellsprings of our lives, they should also govern it.
Psychopaths know the technical difference between right and wrong - which is one of the reasons their insanity pleas in criminal cases so rarely succeed; they just fail to act on that knowledge.
Elections, for their part, are typically popularity contests rather than measures of candidates' relative competency or effectiveness. Imagine if scientific truth were determined according to which scientist was most popular. To be successful, scientists would have to be charismatic and attractive - and human knowledge would suffer terribly.
Knowledge is not skill. Knowledge plus ten thousand times is skill.
A healthy vision of the future is not possible without an accurate knowledge of the past.
I am conscious of my inability to grasp, in all its details and positive developments, any very large portion of human knowledge.
In a world in which the total of human knowledge is doubling about every ten years, our security can rest only on our ability to learn.
A good government implies two things; first, fidelity to the objects of the government; secondly, a knowledge of the means, by which those objects can be best attained.
It's kind of interesting, because hacking is a skill that could be used for criminal purposes or legitimate purposes, and so even though in the past I was hacking for the curiosity, and the thrill, to get a bite of the forbidden fruit of knowledge, I'm now working in the security field as a public speaker.
A man can only attain knowledge with the help of those who possess it. This must be understood from the very beginning. One must learn from him who knows.
Concentration of the mind is in a way common to both Knowledge and Yoga. Yoga aims at union of the individual with the universal, the Reality. This Reality cannot be new. It must exist even now, and it does exist.
Since Plato, we have been considering the nature of knowledge, the meaning of meaning and the status of the physical world.
I believe that we must maintain pride in the knowledge that the actions we take, based on our own decisions and choices as individuals, link directly to the magnificent challenge of transforming human history.
The most wonderful study of mankind is man. Relieving human suffering and diffusing universal knowledge is humanitarian.
Mediocre men often have the most acquired knowledge.
A complacent satisfaction with present knowledge is the chief bar to the pursuit of knowledge.
Getting along with men isn't what's truly important. The vital knowledge is how to get along with a man, one man.
Although your knowledge is weak and small, you need not be silent: since you cannot be judges be at least witnesses.
Humans are distinguished from other species by a massive brain that enables us to imagine a future and influence it by what we do in the present. By using experience, knowledge and insight, our ancestors recognized they could anticipate dangers and opportunities and take steps to exploit advantages and avoid hazards.
If the past has been an obstacle and a burden, knowledge of the past is the safest and the surest emancipation.
I wish I had known more firsthand about the concerns and problems of American businesspeople while I was a U.S. senator and later a presidential nominee. That knowledge would have made me a better legislator and a more worthy aspirant to the White House.
I seriously feel like the best days are ahead, and I like the idea of getting to do everything I did before but with more knowledge, experience, and street smarts. There's a certain love, appreciation, and gratitude that you have at 40 that you don't have when you're younger, and it makes every accomplishment feel so much better.
That knowledge which is popular is not scientific.
I listen to music every day for study reasons, and I confess that I have very little knowledge of what is going on in the hit parades around the world. I have no prejudices for any kind of music genre, and I listen with pleasure to many songs on the radio that my children already know of by heart, while I hear them practically for the first time.
You are the master of your own ship, pal. There are lots of people who fall into troubled waters and don't have the guts or the knowledge or the ability to make it to shore. They have nobody to blame but themselves.
Epistemology is the study of knowledge. By what conduit do we know what we know?
Knowledge is what we get when an observer, preferably a scientifically trained observer, provides us with a copy of reality that we can all recognize.
We have to continue to learn. We have to be open. And we have to be ready to release our knowledge in order to come to a higher understanding of reality.
The understanding of art depends finally upon one's willingness to extend one's humanity and one's knowledge of human life.
The auditory perception is not sufficient for our knowledge of the world; it does not have vastness.
I wouldn't wish any specific thing for any specific person - it's none of my business. But the idea that a four-year degree is the only path to worthwhile knowledge is insane. It's insane.
Knowledge is going to make you stronger. Knowledge is going to let you control your life. Knowledge is going to give you the wisdom to teach their children. Knowledge is the thing that makes you smile in the face of disaster.
Since ancient times, people from throughout Asia have brought to Japan their talents, knowledge and energy, helping to lay the basis for Japan's existence as a country.
Wisdom is the knowledge of good and evil, not the strength to choose between the two.
Science, in the broadest sense, includes all reasonable claims to knowledge about ourselves and the world.
Knowledge is a process of piling up facts; wisdom lies in their simplification.
Some say that sudden knowledge of mystical matters is accomplished only in complete quietude, or that Creator, in one of God's many forms, appears only in orderly ways that are beauteous and picturesque, or that the mystical appears only in completely silent ways. All are true. Except for the 'only' part.
I was one of the first generations to watch television. TV exposes people to news, to information, to knowledge, to entertainment. How is it bad?
Atheists have to live with the knowledge that there is no salvation, no redemption, no second chances. Lives can go terribly wrong in ways that can never be put right.
I have discovered in 20 years of moving around a ballpark, that the knowledge of the game is usually in inverse proportion to the price of the seats.
Committed partisans are generally the most knowledgeable voters, independents the least. And the more political knowledge people have, the more apt they are to discuss politics with people who agree with, and reinforce, them.
I mean, it's the life lessons that I suppose you learn that nobody gets a free ride and that you do the best you can with the means that you can and try to open yourself to as much knowledge and all that that you can.
Truthfully, everyone knows how to eat right. They know the difference between oatmeal and a jelly cream doughnut. They know how to walk. Everyone has this in their brain. When I started, we didn't have all this knowledge.
I was raised in Arizona, and I went to public school, and the extent of my knowledge of the civil-rights movement was the story of Rosa Parks and Martin Luther King, Jr. I wonder how much my generation knows.
Everything has been said yet few have taken advantage of it. Since all our knowledge is essentially banal, it can only be of value to minds that are not.
We need to think more about the nature of rhetoric in anthropology. There isn't a body of knowledge and thought to fall back on in this regard.
The people I go after are the false experts, those who do not accept the limits of their knowledge.
Human knowledge is dark and uncertain; philosophy is dark, astrology is dark, and geometry is dark.
I'm on a mission. And I know the older I get, I may lose a step or two, but it's all up in the medulla oblongata. I've got a lot up there. I've got a lot of knowledge... in this medulla oblongata.
Every branch of human knowledge, if traced up to its source and final principles, vanishes into mystery.
I like intensity. If it's too mellow, I feel like, bleah. I like intensity, because it's way of reaching spaces inside of you, and it's my need of knowledge, of knowing about myself regardless.
Even though I'm a hype man myself, I like the practicality of it all. People who understand how to turn a profit. At the end of the day, this is still business so I'm looking for real practical knowledge of how to actually make money, not necessarily raise it.
Testimony is personal knowledge, based upon the witness of the Holy Ghost, that certain facts of eternal significance are true.
It will be readily admitted, that a degree conferred by an university, ought to be a pledge to the public that he who holds it possesses a certain quantity of knowledge.
I fantasize about going back to high school with the knowledge I have now. I would shine. I would have a good time, I would have a girlfriend. I think that's where a lot of my pain comes from. I think I never had any teenage years to go back to.
I thank God that I'm a product of my parents. That they infected me with their intelligence and energy for life, with their thirst for knowledge and their love. I'm grateful that I know where I come from.
Each department of knowledge passes through three stages. The theoretic stage; the theological stage and the metaphysical or abstract stage.
What makes knowledge automatic is what gets you to Carnegie Hall - practice, practice, practice.
As writers become more numerous, it is natural for readers to become more indolent; whence must necessarily arise a desire of attaining knowledge with the greatest possible ease.
In order to the existence of such a ministry in the Church, there is requisite an authority received from God, and consequently power and knowledge imparted from God for the exercise of such ministry; and where a man possesses these, although the bis.
Knowledge is marvelous, but wisdom is even better.
Distinguishing the signal from the noise requires both scientific knowledge and self-knowledge.
The most important seed I can sow in this life is my children, and the love and knowledge that I can bestow upon them and the help I can give them.
I'm always pursuing knowledge; I'm a seeker of spiritual equilibrium - and music is a big part of that.
The minute you understand racism, you're responsible for being racist. It's like eating from the tree of knowledge.
It's just us trying to start a movement where everybody passes on a bit of cooking knowledge. We estimate that one person can potentially affect 180 others very quickly so we're just trying to spread the word.
The health of the people is of supreme importance. All measures looking to their protection against the spread of contagious diseases and to the increase of our sanitary knowledge for such purposes deserve attention of Congress.
You can do one of two things. You can bury you head in the sand and believe what everyone tells you - that you will always be that young, that thin and that fabulous. Or you can use all the things you have - talent, contacts, knowledge - and do something different.
Even scientific knowledge, if there is anything to it, is not a random observation of random objects; for the critical objectivity of significant knowledge is attained as a practice only philosophically in inner action.
I think it's a mistake to treat different realms of knowledge as if they are some how fundamentally the same.
Imagine a world in which every single person on the planet is given free access to the sum of all human knowledge. That's what we're doing.
The best way for women to acquire knowledge is from conversation with a father, a brother, or a friend, in the way of family intercourse and easy conversation, and by such a course of reading as they may recommend.
As a species we are always hungry for new knowledge.
We have no firm hold on any knowledge or philosophy that can lift us out of our difficulties.
The greater the step forward in knowledge, the greater is the one taken backward in search of wisdom.
Courage is... the knowledge of how to fear what ought to be feared and how not to fear what ought not to be feared.
In chess, knowledge is a very transient thing. It changes so fast that even a single mouse-slip sometimes changes the evaluation.
Our civilization has evolved through the continuous adjustment of society to the stimulus of new knowledge.
The passionate controversies of one era are viewed as sterile preoccupations by another, for knowledge alters what we seek as well as what we find.
With all the knowledge and skill acquired in thousands of flights in the last ten years, I would hardly think today of making my first flight on a strange machine in a twenty-seven mile wind, even if I knew that the machine had already been flown and was safe.
I began the study of medicine, impelled by a desire for knowledge of facts and of man. The resolution to do disciplined work tied me to both laboratory and clinic for a long time to come.
The tree of knowledge is not the tree of life! And yet can we cast out of our spirits all the good or evil poured into them by so many learned generations? Ignorance cannot be learned.
The accumulation of cultural capital - the acquisition of knowledge - is the key to social mobility.
A quest for knowledge is not a war with faith; spirituality is not usually an infelicitous amalgam of superstition and philistinism; and moral relativism, taken outside midfield, leads inexorably both to heresy and to secular wickedness, which are often identical.
Knowledge is and will be produced in order to be sold, it is and will be consumed in order to be valorised in a new production: in both cases, the goal is exchange.
The world does not look to us in the Arab world out of a healthy desire for knowledge.
I'm really interested in the intersection between reputation, identity, and knowledge.
To love a person is to know and love the person. But we can pick up an enormous amount about another human being just by exchanging a couple of sentences. It's not yet knowledge; it's an intuition that motivates you to want to find out more.
Historic changes and challenges. Breakthroughs in human knowledge and opportunity. And yet, for vast numbers across the globe, the daily realities have not altered.
This persistence as private firms continued because it ensured the maximum of anonymity and secrecy to persons of tremendous public power who dreaded public knowledge of their activities as an evil almost as great as inflation.
Knowledge is ancient error reflecting on its youth.
My knowledge of video games ends with Nintendo 'Mario Bros.'
Always, through my whole life, I've had a thirst for knowledge.
When we developed written language, we significantly increased our functional memory and our ability to share insights and knowledge across time and space. The same thing happened with the invention of the printing press, the telegraph, and the radio.
The knowledge that makes us cherish innocence makes innocence unattainable.
Wisdom is a kind of knowledge. It is knowledge of the nature, career, and consequences of human values.
I read, read enormously on all different fields of Islamic thought, from philosophy to Islamic literature, poetry, exegeses, knowledge of the Hadith, the teachings of the prophet. That's how I trained myself. And then I was appointed imam by a Sufi master from Istanbul, Turkey.
The general knowledge of time on the island depends, curiously enough, on the direction of the wind.
Science fiction writers, I am sorry to say, really do not know anything. We can't talk about science, because our knowledge of it is limited and unofficial, and usually our fiction is dreadful.
It is probably safe to say that all the changes of factual knowledge which have led to the relativity theory, resulting in a very great theoretical development, are completely trivial from any point of view except their relevance to the structure of a theoretical system.
Schools are not intended to moralize a wicked world, but to impart knowledge and develop intelligence, with only two social aims in mind: prepare to take on one's share in the world's work, and perhaps in addition, lend a hand in improving society, after schooling is done.
Is it right to probe so deeply into Nature's secrets? The question must here be raised whether it will benefit mankind, or whether the knowledge will be harmful.
I am not a member of any organization listed by the Attorney General as subversive. In any instance where I lent my name in the past, it was certainly without knowledge that such an organization was subversive. I have always been essentially and foremost an American.
I'm saying that there were many great naturalists before Darwin's time who were very pious people and who knew more about nature than most of us. These were great naturalists; people I would admire for their knowledge of natural science given the time.
Without a knowledge of mythology much of the elegant literature of our own language cannot be understood and appreciated.
I'm open to reading almost anything - fiction, nonfiction - as long as I know from the first sentence or two that this is a voice I want to listen to for a good long while. It has much to do with imagery and language, a particular perspective, the assured knowledge of the particular universe the writer has created.
We need to get back to reasoning and thinking things through. The future generation is being brought up in greed and without a true understanding of civics. There is no more emphasis on knowledge and time. As a society we need to process ideas and understand what certain principles are based upon.
America is a knowledge-based society, where information counts as much as material resources. Therefore those with the power to define what qualifies as knowledge - to determine what are the accepted facts - wield the greatest social and political power.
I certainly feel that the time is not far distant when a knowledge of the principles of diet will be an essential part of one's education. Then mankind will eat to live, be able to do better mental and physical work and disease will be less frequent.
Knowledge born of the finest discrimination takes us to the farthest shore. It is intuitive, omniscient, and beyond all divisions of time and space.
As citizens of a free society, we have a duty to look critically at our world. But if we think we know what is wrong, we must act upon that knowledge.
If we wish to discuss knowledge in the most highly developed contemporary society, we must answer the preliminary question of what methodological representation to apply to that society.
One can decide that the principal role of knowledge is as an indispensable element in the functioning of society, and act in accordance with that decision, only if one has already decided that society is a giant machine.
Through my own struggles with depression, I discovered that knowledge, therapy, medication and education can provide the strength to get through it in one piece.
The hypothesis may be put forward, to be tested by the s subsequent investigation, that this development has been in large part a matter of the reciprocal interaction of new factual insights and knowledge on the one hand with changes in the theoretical system on the other.
Real-life people are often the hardest to play, people that you recreate who have actually lived, because you have to live up to people's knowledge of those characters.
Knowledge should be a public good, and I want my ideas to have as much exposure as possible.
The courage of a soldier is heightened by his knowledge of his profession.
I hate the word 'rendering,' as it equates to 'pouring concrete' on ideas that demand continuing dialog. 'Trade secrets' imply hoarding of knowledge.
Someday in the distant cyborg future, when our internal and external memories fully merge, we may come to possess infinite knowledge. But that's not the same thing as wisdom.
When I climb into my car, I enter my destination into a GPS device, whose spatial memory supplants my own. I have photographs to store the images I want to remember, books to store knowledge and now, thanks to Google, I rarely have to remember anything more than the right set of search terms to access humankind's collective memory.
I think all the knowledge and all the travels that I've done, I'm going to do a lot of great work in the future.
I didn't have any knowledge of the music industry when I first got to L.A., and I really didn't know on a creative level what I wanted to sound like, so I had to do a lot of experimenting. It led to a spiral of depression and being broke.
Shakespeare also introduces the supernatural into some of his tragedies; he introduces ghosts, and witches who have supernatural knowledge.
It's clear that people are going to download media files, and they're going to talk to each other, and they're going to exchange information and knowledge and so forth. So this system logic is basically what you bounce off of.
I'd like to see people pay attention to the science of hip hop. The knowledge part, the political side of what hip hop could do, or where hip hop is gonna go. I always say it's gonna become universal as we become a galactic union.
I think it will be found that experience, the true source and foundation of all knowledge, invariably confirms its truth.
To know how to dissimulate is the knowledge of kings.
If we don't empower ourselves with knowledge, then we're gonna be led down a garden path.
Life has obliged him to remember so much useful knowledge that he has lost not only his history, but his whole original cargo of useless knowledge; history, languages, literatures, the higher mathematics, or what you will - are all gone.
The most obvious purpose of college education is to help students acquire information and knowledge by acquainting them with facts, theories, generalizations, principles, and the like. This purpose scarcely requires justification.
Without television and mass communication, that knowledge wouldn't exist. So I think it actually has the possibility of turning people into more understanding and more empathetic people.
Those who want to row on the ocean of human knowledge do not get far, and the storm drives those out of their course who set sail.
All along we find that social life - religion, politics, art - reflects the stages reached in the development of the knowledge of self; it shows the social uses made of this knowledge.
When my generation grew up, our only sources of knowledge were books, teachers, parents and friends. The encyclopedia was an item of luxury. We faced big limits in what we could learn, where we could be and who we could reach.
For this reason, to study English literature without some general knowledge of the relation of the Bible to that literature would be to leave one's literary education very incomplete.
Sane judgment abhors nothing so much as a picture perpetrated with no technical knowledge, although with plenty of care and diligence.
Being adequately informed is a democratic duty, just as the vote is a democratic right. A misinformed electorate, voting without knowledge, is not a true democracy.
Though the general principles of statecraft have survived the rise and fall of empires, every increase in knowledge has brought about changes in the political, economic, and social structure.
And let me tell you, you boys of America, that there is no higher inspiration to any man to be a good man, a good citizen, and a good son, brother, or father, than the knowledge that you come from honest blood.
The knowledge of languages was very useful. I have a university degree in foreign languages and literature.
Basically I was a rebel growing up. I got kicked out of six schools. But I don't think that it makes you less of an intellect. You know, if you ever crave knowledge, there's always a library.
There is no philosophy which is not founded upon knowledge of the phenomena, but to get any profit from this knowledge it is absolutely necessary to be a mathematician.
Pleasure is a shadow, wealth is vanity, and power a pageant; but knowledge is ecstatic in enjoyment, perennial in frame, unlimited in space and indefinite in duration.
I'd love to run for office, but it requires such knowledge.
Your law may be perfect, your knowledge of human affairs may be such as to enable you to apply it with wisdom and skill, and yet without individual acquaintance with men, their haunts and habits, the pursuit of the profession becomes difficult, slow, and expensive.
Solitude can be used well by very few people. They who do must have a knowledge of the world to see the foolishness of it, and enough virtue to despise all the vanity.
The more knowledge you get, the more questions you ask. The smarter you get, the more you realize that everything can be possible.
The best thing that can come with success is the knowledge that it is nothing to long for.
Radical constructivism, thus, is radical because it breaks with convention and develops a theory of knowledge in which knowledge does not reflect an 'objective' ontological reality.
Our working hypothesis is that the status of knowledge is altered as societies enter what is known as the postindustrial age and cultures enter what is known as the postmodern age.
Knowledge is exploding, so you need to commit yourself to a plan for lifelong learning.
I'm quite ignorant about fashion and I'm colourblind, so it's all a tad tricky. My only knowledge of that world comes through Christopher Bailey, whom I first met in 2008 when I did a campaign for Burberry that featured musicians, artists, actors and sportsmen.
Although born in a prosperous realm, we did not believe that its boundaries should limit our knowledge, and that the lore of the East should alone enlighten us.
That free will was demonstrated in the placing of temptation before man with the command not to eat of the fruit of the tree which would give him a knowledge of good and evil, with the disturbing moral conflict to which that awareness would give rise.
The business of a scientific school is the dissemination of useful knowledge, and this is a noble enterprise and indispensable withal; society can not exist unless it goes on.
If, on occasion, the knowledge brought by science leads to an unhappy end, this is not to the discredit of science but is rather an indication of an imperfect ability to use wisely the gifts placed within our hands.
If you're a singer you lose your voice. A baseball player loses his arm. A writer gets more knowledge, and if he's good, the older he gets, the better he writes.
Behind the man is the Tree of Life, bearing twelve fruits, and the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil is behind the woman; the serpent is twining round it.
Thus we hope to teach mythology not as a study, but as a relaxation from study; to give our work the charm of a story-book, yet by means of it to impart a knowledge of an important branch of education.
I am excited to bring my deep knowledge, passion and expertise of soccer in this country to The New York Cosmos. They truly represent where this sport is headed on a national and international level, and I want to make history with them.
I never believed the anchorman should be the know-it-all. And I try to communicate that to the audience. While I have some knowledge from my years of experience, what I want to do is walk you through this because we're all walking through this together.
I'm not a professional; I lack even basic knowledge about writing music.
Where the quest for knowledge is relatively, and now almost absolutely, unrestrained, the public benefit will be great, especially where the certainty of the law ensures that knowledge is rewarded. This is exactly the combination that is the foundation of wealth-creation.
Knowledge once gained casts a light beyond its own immediate boundaries.
Honestly, being a 5'11" quarterback, not too many people think that you can play in the National Football League. And so for me, you know, I knew that my height doesn't define my skill set, you know? I believed in my talent. I believed in what God gave me. I believed in the knowledge that I have of the game.
My life has been a quest for knowledge and understanding, and I am nowhere near having achieved that. And it doesn't bother me in the least. I will die without having come up with the answers to many things in life.
You have already disarmed my men without my knowledge, are their arms to be returned or not?
Thought is the wind and knowledge the sail.
An image of the Earth, its landscapes, directly affects people. The beauty of the Earth creates enormous emotion, and through that emotion, you can transmit knowledge and raise consciousness.
Reason is an action of the mind; knowledge is a possession of the mind; but faith is an attitude of the person. It means you are prepared to stake yourself on something being so.
The foundation of our religion is a basis of fact - the fact of the birth, ministry, miracles, death, resurrection by the Evangelists as having actually occurred, within their own personal knowledge.
The intercourse between the Mediterranean and the North or between the Atlantic and Central Europe was never purely economic or political; it also meant the exchange of knowledge and ideas and the influence of social institutions and artistic and literary forms.
Every one of my opponents, every one of my critics, will tell you that I am a generalist spread far too thin in an age when this is not done anymore, when responsible knowledge is specialized knowledge.
My finances have been decimated by a group of people, such as my ex-attorney, my ex-business manager, and an estate planner, specifically. And they have conspired together to - to co-op my corporations, put in trustees without my knowledge.
According to the Jain view, soul is that element which knows, thinks and feels. It is in fact the divine element in the living being. The Jain thinks that the phenomena of knowledge, feeling, thinking and willing are conditioned on something, and that that something must be as real as anything can be.
I have a great advantage over many of my colleagues inasmuch as my students bring with them to class their own personal knowledge of national, regional, religious, ethnic, occupational, and family folklore traditions.
We believe... that by encouraging critical thinking and processing of knowledge we are creating full, well-rounded human beings... that will enable Qatar to build up its society. You cannot build a healthy society without giving your citizens a sense of ownership. Otherwise, they will not share with you the responsibilities.
I shall suggest, on the contrary, that all communication relies, to a noticeable extent on evoking knowledge that we cannot tell, and that all our knowledge of mental processes, like feelings or conscious intellectual activities, is based on a knowledge which we cannot tell.
I know people who support Hamas, but they never got involved in terrorist attacks, for example... they follow Hamas because they love God and they think that Hamas represents God. They don't have knowledge, they don't know the real God, and they never studied Christianity. But Hamas, as representative for Islam, it's a big problem.
Poetic knowledge is born in the great silence of scientific knowledge.
The increase of scientific knowledge lies not only in the occasional milestones of science, but in the efforts of the very large body of men who with love and devotion observe and study nature.
Except I'm aware that as a writer you can't get away with as much writing for children as you can with adults. Children have much more finely tuned senses of justice, morals, and ethics. They are much more Platonic: children are symmetrical, before we begin to fragment them with our own nonsensical ideas and squelch their natural joy in knowledge.
In one sense, the Internet is like the discovery of the printing press, only it's very different. The printing press gave us access to recorded knowledge. The Internet gives us access, not just to knowledge, but to the intelligence contained in people's crania, access to the intelligence of people on a global basis.
I think it's safe to say that if you talk to anybody in Ireland, they'll have a passing knowledge of the guitar. It was something that I couldn't get away from when I was younger: guitars played in shops and parties, just everywhere.
Now will I rehearse before you a very ancient Breton Lay. As the tale was told to me, so, in turn, will I tell it over again, to the best of my art and knowledge. Hearken now to my story, its why and its reason.
For the progress of scientific knowledge will lead to a constant increase of expenditure.
To my knowledge, the Department of Homeland Security has focused on detection devices that are large, expensive, use a large amount of energy, and cannot easily be placed in or on a shipping container.
You become an expert by working hard. We've got fantastic museums, collections and antique shows. You can go and just start looking. That's the great thing about knowledge. If you collect Doulton figures, you know about the rare ones.
One of the greatest satisfactions one can ever have, comes from the knowledge that he can do some one thing superlatively well.
Your aim will be knowledge and wisdom, not the reflected glamour of fame.
I think to be a great quarterback, you have to have a great leadership, great attention to detail, and a relentless competitive nature. And that's what I try to bring to the table, and I have a long way to go. I'm still learning, and I'm still on a constant quest for knowledge.
The object of all the former voyages to the South Seas undertaken by the command of his present majesty, has been the advancement of science and the increase of knowledge.
When David Marr at MIT moved into computer vision, he generated a lot of excitement, but he hit up against the problem of knowledge representation; he had no good representations for knowledge in his vision systems.
We have a tremendous lack of knowledge of how far we have gotten away from the Constitution of the United States. Democrats and Republicans alike have taken us away from the original intent. You see, I believe in this document as our founding fathers intended it.
Since knowledge is but sorrow's spy, It is not safe to know.
It is in his knowledge that man has found his greatness and his happiness, the high superiority which he holds over the other animals who inhabit the earth with him, and consequently no ignorance is probably without loss to him, no error without evil.
Melville brought to the task a sound knowledge of actual whaling, much curious learning in the literature of the subject, and, above all, an imagination which worked with great power upon the facts of his own experience.
In a knowledge economy, natural selection favors organizations that can most effectively harness and coordinate collective intellectual energy and creative capacity.
These past years, as we have been recovering and given our city a rebirth, we have been encouraged by our faith, knowledge, and steadfast belief that we will pull through. There will be challenges and setbacks, as there have already been, but we will continue, and we the citizens of New Orleans will prevail in bringing our city back.
I think the future of this planet depends on humans, not technology, and we already have the knowledge - we're kind of at the endgame with knowledge. But we're nowhere near the endgame when it comes to our perception. We still have one foot in the dark ages.
In the present state of our knowledge, it would be useless to attempt to speculate on the remote cause of the electrical energy... its relation to chemical affinity is, however, sufficiently evident. May it not be identical with it, and an essential property of matter?
Indeed science alone may perhaps be sterile when pursued without an understanding of the world in which scientific knowledge is created and in which the fruits of science are used.
You always get things that teach you and steps to grow, but there is a confidence that is gained and a deep understanding of what it means to be supported by your knowledge - not by some team that is there to create confidence; it is there within you. That takes time. That takes teachers. That takes taking risks.
The absolute dependence of a newborn infant inspired many things in me, but it did not activate any magical knowledge about what to do for the next twenty years.
It was very interesting for me because DNA made music without much technical knowledge at all.
The introduction of many minds into many fields of learning along a broad spectrum keeps alive questions about the accessibility, if not the unity, of knowledge.
Mythology is a vast body of knowledge that has not been tapped.
Interactive computers and software will, I think, provide a less costly method of doing some kinds of inquiry, in knowledge acquisition and even reasoning and interaction.
There are two languages: one as things seem to us and the other of knowledge.
People remember my last name because it's different, and people remember me in meetings because I dress differently from other people just because I'm a woman. Those kinds of things give you an opportunity and a spotlight, so use that to your advantage. Use it as a platform to demonstrate your knowledge and your capabilities.
I always tell women to use the fact that we offer a different point of view in a room full of men, to their advantage. Because we often stand out, we gain a unique platform to demonstrate our knowledge and capabilities.
The properties which differentiate living matter from any kind of inorganic imitation may be instinctively felt, but can hardly be formulated without expert knowledge.
Most people who are selling their mineral rights, this is a once-in-a-lifetime transaction. The people who are buying, the landmen who are coming in, do it every day. So there's a little inequity there about knowledge.
There was the best teachers from the Czech Philharmonic, highly dedicated people, some of the best musicians in the world passing on the knowledge about the country, about the principles, and about the music.
The more knowledge you've got, the more understanding you have, the better you are able to implement and pass it on to others.
Capucci was the biggest schooling I had. It wasn't just about the technical knowledge, such as color and volume, but also about the secret rules, and the beautiful codes of respect between the atelier and the master.
Working on my knowledge and education and learning how to become a more talented and wise person make me feel more sexy.
'What can your kids teach you?' Well, I believe something different about kids. We don't own them, they have their own knowledge. From the start you have to make the choice to listen.
We get more dangerous as we accumulate knowledge, and that's both a sadness and something to control, try to learn to live with, make terms with.
Henceforth the leaves of the tree of knowledge were for women, and for the healing of the nations.
As a physicist, I can state that none of the 18 physicists who signed the Statement works in this field; nor to my knowledge has ever published a paper on this subject.
Even for charity I always give priority to education because I always teach young people - knowledge is your real companion, your life long companion, not fortune. Fortune can disappear.
Growing up in Nashville, especially in a music business family, means growing up with knowledge that seems like common sense until later in life when you realize people spend thousands of dollars a semester trying to learn or pretending to learn while looking for some intern job on music row.
To unfold the secret laws and relations of those high faculties of thought by which all beyond the merely perceptive knowledge of the world and of ourselves is attained or matured, is a object which does not stand in need of commendation to a rational mind.
We will ensure that associates continue to possess unsurpassed product knowledge and maintain their dedication to customer service and respect for their colleagues and for the communities in which they work and live.
We need to manage holistically, embracing all of our science and traditional knowledge - all sources of knowledge. We can do that from the household to government to international relations.
A Jedi uses the Force for knowledge and defense, never for attack.
There's this great fear, and I find, lack of knowledge of Catholicism, just like I'm ignorant of other things. I think we should all visit each other's places of worship and get to know a priest, get to know a rabbi. It's not that scary. I think Scientology is scary, and I don't understand Jehovah's Witnesses, but I haven't spent time with them.
Whoever claims that economic competition represents 'survival of the fittest' in the sense of the law of the jungle, provides the clearest possible evidence of his lack of knowledge of economics.
The great unity which true science seeks is found only by beginning with our knowledge of God, and coming down from Him along the stream of causation to every fact and event that affects us.
After a long, impartial enquiry of the truth, and after much and earnest calling upon God, to give unto me the spirit and revelation in the knowledge of Him, I find myself obliged, both by the principles of reason and Scripture, to embrace the opinion I now hold forth.
It has always seemed to me a pity that the young people of our generation should grow up with such scant knowledge of Greek and Latin literature, its wealth and variety, its freshness and its imperishable quality.
It makes a great deal of difference whether one wills not to sin or has not the knowledge to sin.
Call a man 'ignorant,' and you have license to show the world your vast fund of knowledge and wise him up.
The library, with its Daedalian labyrinth, mysterious hush, and faintly ominous aroma of knowledge, has been replaced by the computer's cheap glow, pesky chirp, and data spillage.
Public schools helped create the idea of America and inculcate Americans with a few rudiments of knowledge. To judge by that very American item, the Internet, a few rudiments is all anyone cares to have.
The small part of ignorance that we arrange and classify we give the name of knowledge.
The desire of excessive power caused the angels to fall; the desire of knowledge caused men to fall.
The more extensive a man's knowledge of what has been done, the greater will be his power of knowing what to do.
Between falsehood and useless truth there is little difference. As gold which he cannot spend will make no man rich, so knowledge which cannot apply will make no man wise.
Your knowledge of what is going on can only be superficial and relative.
True knowledge lies in knowing how to live.
The utmost extent of man's knowledge, is to know that he knows nothing.
How dreadful knowledge of the truth can be when there's no help in the truth.
His ignorance was as remarkable as his knowledge.
Knowledge is like money: the more he gets, the more he craves.
We never stop to consider that our beliefs are only a relative truth that's always going to be distorted by all the knowledge we have stored in our memory.
The knowledge of God is the cause of things. For the knowledge of God is to all creatures what the knowledge of the artificer is to things made by his art.
Take from the philosopher the pleasure of being heard and his desire for knowledge ceases.
A novel that does not uncover a hitherto unknown segment of existence is immoral. Knowledge is the novel's only morality.
We are least open to precise knowledge concerning the things we are most vehement about.
The will to do springs from the knowledge that we can do.
Men honor what lies within the sphere of their knowledge, but do not realize how dependent they are on what lies beyond it.
True, some land was bought by a few Cabinet Ministers. They bought the land. No minister, to my knowledge acquired land which was meant for resettlement.
Only divine love bestows the keys of knowledge.
Men are limited by the knowledge of their minds, the worth of their characters and the principles upon which they are building their lives.
A man acquainted with history may, in some respect, be said to have lived from the beginning of the world, and to have been making continual additions to his stock of knowledge in every century.
Knowledge fills a large brain; it merely inflates a small one.
Not ignorance, but ignorance of ignorance, is the death of knowledge.
Knowledge, the object of knowledge and the knower are the three factors which motivate action; the senses, the work and the doer comprise the threefold basis of action.
Sun-worship and pure forms of nature-worship were, in their day, noble religions, highly allegorical but full of profound truth and knowledge.
International relationships are preordained to be clumsy gestures based on imperfect knowledge.
When I started out in comedy, it was common knowledge that it took about 10 years to get good. And that was okay because it took you about 9 years to get on television.
What a gift it would be to receive at Christmastime a greater knowledge of the Lord. What a gift it would be to share that knowledge with others.
I find myself going to places where I really have no business, speaking to these people in a whole other field that I have no extensive knowledge of. But I do it very often because it scares me.
Counterintuitive actions prove we can trust real knowledge and do the opposite of what we feel makes sense.
The teaching thing, the one where I have to impart my knowledge, is probably what comes the least naturally to me because I'm an absorber of things.
You can acquire a lot of knowledge without ever going to school.
One of the interesting things about having little musical knowledge is that you generate surprising results sometimes; you move to places you wouldn't if you knew better.
Science is organized knowledge.
I don't have incredible knowledge about films or of filmmaking history; I'm not that kind of person.
We don't focus as much in schools on educational knowledge which requires thinking and application, as we do on acquiring facts.
I seldom deal in symbolisms; if there be hidden meanings in my verse, they are there without my knowledge.
The essence of religion is the knowledge of God which is eternal life. That and nothing less than that is religion. Everything else is on the surface, is superfluous save for the needs of men.
As long as acquiring knowledge is the educational goal of schools, educational opportunities will be limited, as they are now, to affluent families.
Education can counteract the natural tendency to do the wrong thing, but the inexorable succession of generations requires that the basis for this knowledge be constantly refreshed.
My mom took me to see Carnal Knowledge and The Wild Bunch and all these kind of movies when I was a kid.
Doubt is the middle position between knowledge and ignorance. It encompasses cynicism but also genuine questioning.
There is a general knowledge that I am multi-dimensional, that when you are creative you do a lot of things.
Knowledge may give weight, but accomplishments give lustre, and many more people see than weigh.
For, verily, great love springs from great knowledge of the beloved object, and if you little know it, you will be able to love it only little or not at all.
There is still the feeling that women's writing is a lesser class of writing, that what goes on in the nursery or the bedroom is not as important as what goes on in the battlefield, that what women know about is a less category of knowledge.
Class is more than money. Class is also about knowledge.
Knowledge about the economy, ideas about capitalism and government, the future of the world and geopolitics were things I was never really interested in.
Truthfully, I don't really think of myself as a photographer. I don't have all the disciplines and knowledge of a person who's spent their life devoted to photography.
Knowledge conquered by labor becomes a possession - a property entirely our own.
What is called an acute knowledge of human nature is mostly nothing but the observer's own weaknesses reflected back from others.
The knowledge that there is a part of the psychic functions that are out of conscious reach, we did not need to wait for Freud to know this!
Learn from me, if not by my precepts, then by my example, how dangerous is the pursuit of knowledge and how much happier is that man who believes his native town to be the world than he who aspires to be greater than his nature will allow.
If information and knowledge are central to democracy, they are conditions for development.
One of the greatest joys known to man is to take a flight into ignorance in search of knowledge.
We have today a fairly thorough knowledge of the early Greco-Roman period because our motivations are the same.
I respect knowledge of the psyche. I would be a therapist if I weren't an entertainer.
The implications of these considerations justify the statement that all empirically verifiable knowledge even the commonsense knowledge of everyday life - involves implicitly, if not explicitly, systematic theory in this sense.
On the simplest level, telecommuting makes it harder for people to have the kinds of informal interactions that are crucial to the way knowledge moves through an organization. The role that hallway chat plays in driving new ideas has become a cliche of business writing, but that doesn't make it less true.
Knowledge is a beautiful thing, but there are a few things I wish I didn't know.
With the stand-up comic on TV, whether it's Seinfeld or Cosby or Roseanne, more important than their knowledge of how to tell a joke is their knowledge of themselves, or the persona they've created as themselves. So that when you're in a room with writers, you can say, 'Guys, that's a funny line, but I wouldn't say it.'
The real difference between a man's scientific judgments about himself and the judgment of others about him is he has added sources of knowledge.
The best theology is rather a divine life than a divine knowledge.
At a family's most difficult time, I want to make sure at a minimum that they have the very basic of comforts: the ability to grieve their loss privately and the knowledge that their country is grateful for their loved one's sacrifice and service.
In complete darkness, it is only knowledge and wisdom that separates us.
Purity is not imposed upon us as though it were a kind of punishment, it is one of those mysterious but obvious conditions of that supernatural knowledge of ourselves in the Divine, which we speak of as faith. Impurity does not destroy this knowledge, it slays our need for it.
Knowledge of the past and of the places of the earth is the ornament and food of the mind of man.
If they exert it not for good, they will for evil; if they advance not knowledge, they will perpetuate ignorance.
You make knowledge relevant to life and you make it important for children to learn things that will really relate to things going on in their lives, and not abstract.
There have to be people who are vocal about the advancement of knowledge over faith.
Science has to be understood in its broadest sense, as a method for comprehending all observable reality, and not merely as an instrument for acquiring specialized knowledge.
Human knowledge has been changing from the word go and people in certain respects behave more rationally than they did when they didn't have it. They spend less time doing rain dances and more time seeding clouds.
If we had failed to pursue the facts as far as they led, we would have denied the public any knowledge of an unprecedented scheme of political surveillance and sabotage.
Have you heard of this new thing called the internet? It's giving people new expectations. It's allowing them to become their own expert. Knowledge lies anxious at their fingertips. Gloss over the truth in your advertising and you'll quickly be dismissed as a poser.
The Greeks possessed a knowledge of human nature we seem hardly able to attain to without passing through the strengthening hibernation of a new barbarism.
Once we know of atrocities we cannot remain silent, and knowledge inevitably leads to an urge to protect the innocent.
Most filmmakers' entire body of knowledge is of other movies. When they describe things, they describe them in relation to other movies. That's why we have so many cyclical movies that look like other movies. But I'm not cynical. I even go to some of those movies.
God knows and sees all. His wisdom and knowledge far outweighs mankind, and whether or not people ever recognize it - He is the creator. He is the giver of life, and only He has the power to take it away. That's why its imperative to submit to Him.
I read many things. I read to fill in my knowledge of the world.
It takes a couple of years just to get the background and knowledge that you need before you can go into detailed training for your mission.
While knowledge may provide useful point of reference, it cannot become a force to guide the future.
You can practice to attain knowledge, but you can't practice to attain wisdom.
The channels of intuitive knowledge are opened according to the intensity of individual need.
Knowledge is generally considered a good thing; so, presumably, knowing more about how the U.S. thinks and operates around the world is also good.
I listen to them freely and with all the respect merited by their intelligence, their character, their knowledge, reserving always my incontestable right of criticism and censure.
Security... it's simply the recognition that changes will take place and the knowledge that you're willing to deal with whatever happens.
A screen actor is compensated in the knowledge that millions will see his performance at one time, where only hundreds will see it on the stage.
I had had a lot of experience in bringing the Internet to Australia, and I saw that knowledge in the hands of people achieves reform.
Scientific knowledge is a kind of discourse.
I want to be safe in the knowledge that I can tour and play festivals for a long time. The main thing is that I want a good reputation as a live performer. If I have that, I'd be so happy.
I think in most jobs, you get better as you get older. You gain experience, you gain knowledge.
You cannot blame the mismanagement of the economy or the fact that we have not invested adequately in education in order to give our people the knowledge, the skills and the technology that they need in order to be able to use the resources that Africa has to gain wealth.
Surely, if knowledge is valuable, it can never be good policy in a country far wealthier than Tuscany, to allow a genius like Mr. Dalton's, to be employed in the drudgery of elementary instruction.
Liberated from the error of pagan tradition through the benevolence and loving kindness of the good God with the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, and by the operation of the Holy Spirit, I was reared from the very beginning by Christian parents. From them I learned even in babyhood the Holy Scriptures which led me to a knowledge of the truth.
We live in an age of instant knowledge. And there's almost a sense of entitlement to that.
You don't need an explanation for everything, Recognize that there are such things as miracles - events for which there are no ready explanations. Later knowledge may explain those events quite easily.
Poverty and lack of knowledge must be challenged.
I not only wanted to showcase lyrical skills but also continue to drop knowledge on the hiphop community. I'm looking to elevate through my music, and through my music I educate.
So long as these kinds of inequalities persist, all of us who are given expensive educations have to live with the knowledge that our victories are contaminated because the game has been rigged to our advantage.
I think the only real knowledge I had before I went to Iowa was what I learned from 'Food Inc'. But once I got there and developed these extensive relationships with the farmers, I realized that we're basically made of corn.
There was never a nation great until it came to the knowledge that it had nowhere in the world to go for help.
Imagine someone holding forth on biology whose only knowledge of the subject is 'The Book of British Birds,' and you have a rough idea of what it feels like to read Richard Dawkins on theology.
Books minister to our knowledge, to our guidance, and to our delight, by their truth, their uprightness, and their art.
The future of publishing is about having connections to readers and the knowledge of what those readers want.
As a young man, I went to Paris and soaked up many hours of film knowledge from Robert Hakim in my efforts to become a producer.
To me, what philosophy does best is reflect on knowledge that's generated in other areas.
I think that by creating a world of plenty, by creating institutions and organizations that promote knowledge and promote understanding, I think I could be part of being in a better world.
Real knowledge, like everything else of value, is not to be obtained easily. It must be worked for, studied for, thought for, and, more that all, must be prayed for.
The knowledge and spiritual conviction we receive from the Holy Ghost are the result of revelation.
Knowledge has always flowed upwards to bishops and kings, not down to serfs and slaves.
The shortest and surest way of arriving at real knowledge is to unlearn the lessons we have been taught, to mount the first principles, and take nobody's word about them.
There is, however, another purpose to which academies contribute. When they consist of a limited number of persons, eminent for their knowledge, it becomes an object of ambition to be admitted on their list.
Science is knowledge arranged and classified according to truth, facts, and the general laws of nature.
Today mythical thinking has fallen into disrepute; we often dismiss it as irrational and self-indulgent. But the imagination is also the faculty that has enabled scientists to bring new knowledge to light and to invent technology that has made us immeasurably more effective.
His knowledge of books had in some degree diminished his knowledge of the world.
The past is a source of knowledge, and the future is a source of hope. Love of the past implies faith in the future.
Technical knowledge has now become an integral aspect of the Iranian psyche.
The education that prepared me was my general education classes, which I tried to avoid when I was a stupid undergraduate, but which gave me the foundation of general knowledge that makes a career as a writer possible.
To my knowledge, I was the first guy really to do what I do. And then later on different comedians started trying doing it.
'For Unlawful Carnal Knowledge' took a year to record; that's why the playing on it might sound somewhat labored. 'Balance,' on the other hand, was written and recorded in only four months, so the whole process was quicker and more immediate.
I have this strength that comes from knowledge.
Knowledge of the world in only to be acquired in the world, and not in a closet.
Exclusively oral cultures are unencumbered by dead knowledge, dead facts. Libraries, on the other hand, are full of them.
What can we put into the hands of people under oppressive regimes to help them? For me, a big part of it is information, knowledge - the ability to defeat propaganda by understanding it.
I have always liked the idea of going to print because a big part of what we are about is to disseminate knowledge throughout the world and not just to people who have broadband.
Listen to any musical phrase or rhythm, and grasp it as a whole, and you thereupon have present in you the image, so to speak, of the divine knowledge of the temporal order.
You move forward through knowledge. You prevail through knowledge. I love the word 'prevail.' Prevail!
In a world of commoditized knowledge, the returns go to the companies who can produce non-standard knowledge.
In order to arrive at knowledge of the motions of birds in the air, it is first necessary to acquire knowledge of the winds, which we will prove by the motions of water in itself, and this knowledge will be a step enabling us to arrive at the knowledge of beings that fly between the air and the wind.
I want to learn about a different religion. I grew up Catholic, but my grandfather was Jewish. Knowledge about other religions can help you understand your own better. I think it's kind of hypocritical to believe one thing and don't know about any others.
The knowledge of the realm of death makes it possible for the shaman to move freely back and forth and mediate these journeys for other people.
One must know combinations, one must have a true knowledge of food to be in the moment.
Science, we are repeatedly told, is the most reliable form of knowledge about the world because it is based on testable hypotheses. Religion, by contrast, is based on faith. The term 'doubting Thomas' well illustrates the difference.
Most of my life wasn't about knowledge from books, but experiential knowledge.
The satirist is prevented by repulsion from gaining a better knowledge of the world he is attracted to, yet he is forced by attraction to concern himself with the world that repels him.
The knowledge of the theory of logic has no tendency whatever to make men good reasoners.
I'm a very passionate believer in the unity of knowledge. There is one world of reality - one world of our experience that we're seeking to describe.
Young gentlemen, who are to display their knowledge to the world, should have every motive of emulation, should be formed into regular classes, should read and dispute together, should have all the honors, and, if one may say so, the pomp of learning set before them, to call up their ardor. It is their business, and they should apply to it as such.
It has been common knowledge to informed collectors that many times the finest and rarest art glass is found unsigned.
As governor, I saw the link between economic prosperity and the ability to acquire knowledge.
Governments should want and even crave the best possible scientific advice. With reliable knowledge come better decisions, fewer mistakes and more results achieved for each pound spent.
Knowledge may give weight, but accomplishments give luster, and many more people see than weigh.
Very few beings really seek knowledge in this world. Mortal or immortal, few really ASK. On the contrary, they try to wring from the unknown the answers they have already shaped in their own minds.
Adam knew Eve his wife and she conceived. It is a pity that this is still the only knowledge of their wives at which some men seem to arrive.
On the basis of biological, sociological, and historical knowledge, we should recognize that the individual self is subject to death or decay, but the sum total of individual achievement, for better or worse, lives on in the immortality of The Larger.
If you are an open-minded and tolerant Muslim, you have enough knowledge to question the moves of a Christian governor or even the Ku Klux Klan. They called themselves a Christian organization, but how is that possible since Jesus didn't do that?
I came literally to the table with a wealth of knowledge by simply understanding how food should taste.
There's something about the darkness that I find unavoidably intoxicating. The knowledge that other people are sleeping and, therefore, unavailable to ruin my solitude, makes me more peaceful than I am during the day.
Intuition does not in itself amount to knowledge, yet cannot be disregarded by philosophers and psychologists.
That the state of knowledge in any country will exert a directive influence on the general system of instruction adopted in it, is a principle too obvious to require investigation.
The new industries are brainy industries and so-called knowledge workers tend to like to be near other people who are the same. Think of the City of Hollywood. People cluster. This means you have winning regions, such as London and Cambridge, and losing regions. The people who want to be top lawyers in Sunderland are hoovered up by London.
I'm always trying to find brain food and indulge in knowledge that's gonna be useful.
The natives of Silicon Valley learned long ago that when you share your knowledge with someone else, one plus one usually equals three. You both learn each other's ideas, and you come up with new ones.
I would like to be a heart surgeon or brain surgeon... something with that knowledge and the ability to save a life would be pretty cool. I wasn't that good in science class, though.
I agree completely with my son James when he says 'Internet is like electricity. The latter lights up everything, while the former lights up knowledge'.
Hitherto I have courted Truth with a kind of Romantick Passion, in spite of all Difficulties and Discouragements: for knowledge is thought so unnecessary an Accomplishment for a Woman, that few will give themselves the Trouble to assist us in the Attainment of it.
The vast knowledge we have to prevent cancer, heart disease, and other chronic illnesses is staggering.
The young people who join extremist groups are clearly suffering from massive deficiencies in religious knowledge and are often politically gullible (when they are not attempting to salve pangs of conscience by cutting themselves off from a life of delinquency).
The whole Twitter phenomenon is really indicative of what's happening in this country. And I say this in condemnation of myself as much as anyone else - we are growing into a nation that has no time, desire or capacity for truth. All we can handle is 140 characters of knowledge.
People, I guess, generally come to see me do stand-up with a working knowledge of my broad sense of humor on 'The Daily Show'... I don't think anyone would mistake me as an actual anchor.
Every law, every constitution, every regulative decision is based upon what people are discussing in their community. It's based upon our sum knowledge of history and the present.
Over 5,000 years, states have made surprisingly consistent claims about their duties. They have promised to protect people from threats; promote their welfare; deliver justice and also, perhaps less obviously, uphold truth - originally truths about the cosmos, and more recently truths drawn from reason and knowledge.
The pilgrims on the Mayflower landed at Plymouth Rock. To my knowledge, they didn't wait around for a return trip to Europe. You settle some place with a purpose. If you don't want to do that, stay home. You avoid an awful lot of risks by not venturing outward.
It is that of increasing knowledge of empirical fact, intimately combined with changing interpretations of this body of fact - hence changing general statements about it - and, not least, a changing a structure of the theoretical system.
Hackerspaces are the digital-age equivalent of English Enlightenment coffee houses. They are places open to all, indifferent to social status, and where ideas and knowledge hold primary value.
Wild Bill was anything but a quarrelsome man yet I have personal knowledge of at least half a dozen men whom he had at various times killed.
There are few things more dangerous in a democracy than allowing a President to wage secret wars without the knowledge of the country.
Through the mythology of Einstein, the world blissfully regained the image of knowledge reduced to a formula.
In the past, I used to counter any such notions by asking myself: 'Would you really want President Hattersley?' I now find that possibility rather cheers me up. With his chubby, Dickensian features and his knowledge of T.H. Green and other harmless leftish political classics, Hattersley might not be such a bad thing after all.
While many hackers have the knowledge, skills, and tools to attack computer systems, they generally lack the motivation to cause violence or severe economic or social harm.
I gained direct knowledge of the life of the poor in big towns: I have lived the narrowing mechanism of its conditioning and feared it.
How are men to be secured in any rights without instruction; how to be secured in the equal exercise of those rights without equality of instruction? By instruction understand me to mean knowledge - just knowledge; not talent, not genius, not inventive mental powers.
These will vary in every human being; but knowledge is the same for every mind, and every mind may and ought to be trained to receive it.
No part of the world can be truly understood without a knowledge of its garment of vegetation, for this determines not only the nature of the animal inhabitants but also the occupations of the majority of human beings.
It created a global platform that allowed more people to plug and play, collaborate and compete, share knowledge and share work, than anything we have ever seen in the history of the world.
It was my privilege to serve with Paul Ryan in the House and on the Ways and Means Committee. Ryan's vast experience and bold, reform-minded ideas were always evident. His knowledge of the federal budget is widely recognized.
Just like I find men who talk sports who don't really know sports annoying, I think men might find women who don't really have a true passion and knowledge of sports maybe not so attractive.
The minuses of celebrity include having to live with security and the knowledge that you may be stalked.
It takes most men five years to recover from a college education, and to learn that poetry is as vital to thinking as knowledge.
My whole life, I had been taught to read and study, to seek understanding in knowledge of history, of cultures.
Though I am fascinated by knowledge, I am even more fascinated by wisdom.
So I think it is common knowledge that Hitchcock had fantasies or whatever you want to call them about his leading ladies.
For those who have obtained unobstructed knowledge of Self, the world is seen merely as a bondage causing imagination.
I think a lot of food shows, especially when we started 'Good Eats' back in the late '90s, they were still really about food. 'Good Eats' isn't about food, it's about entertainment. If, however, we can virally infect you with knowledge or interest, then all the better.
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it.
A woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of beauty no matter what she wears.
To love beauty is to see light.
The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives.
Beauty is only skin deep. If you go after someone just because she's beautiful but don't have anything to talk about, it's going to get boring fast. You want to look beyond the surface and see if you can have fun or if you have anything in common with this person.
Of life's two chief prizes, beauty and truth, I found the first in a loving heart and the second in a laborer's hand.
People are like stained - glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams.
Beauty awakens the soul to act.
Never lose an opportunity of seeing anything beautiful, for beauty is God's handwriting.
Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in a mirror.
A thing of beauty is a joy forever: its loveliness increases; it will never pass into nothingness.
Beauty of whatever kind, in its supreme development, invariably excites the sensitive soul to tears.
Rare is the union of beauty and purity.
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference.
Flowers... are a proud assertion that a ray of beauty outvalues all the utilities of the world.
The soul that sees beauty may sometimes walk alone.
The world's biggest power is the youth and beauty of a woman.
Beauty and folly are old companions.
She got her looks from her father. He's a plastic surgeon.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy.
A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you.
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul.
Beauty is unbearable, drives us to despair, offering us for a minute the glimpse of an eternity that we should like to stretch out over the whole of time.
Beauty is all very well at first sight; but who ever looks at it when it has been in the house three days?
Beauty is worse than wine, it intoxicates both the holder and beholder.
Beauty is a manifestation of secret natural laws, which otherwise would have been hidden from us forever.
There is no definition of beauty, but when you can see someone's spirit coming through, something unexplainable, that's beautiful to me.
A witty woman is a treasure; a witty beauty is a power.
Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror.
Beauty has a lot to do with character.
Beauty in things exists in the mind which contemplates them.
For me the greatest beauty always lies in the greatest clarity.
It is amazing how complete is the delusion that beauty is goodness.
I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains.
A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.
I define nothing. Not beauty, not patriotism. I take each thing as it is, without prior rules about what it should be.
Beauty is not caused. It is.
I do not have much patience with a thing of beauty that must be explained to be understood. If it does need additional interpretation by someone other than the creator, then I question whether it has fulfilled its purpose.
We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure. There is no end to the adventures that we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open.
Dear God! how beauty varies in nature and art. In a woman the flesh must be like marble; in a statue the marble must be like flesh.
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband.
Beauty is in the heart of the beholder.
Beauty is the promise of happiness.
There is no cosmetic for beauty like happiness.
Beauty is indeed a good gift of God; but that the good may not think it a great good, God dispenses it even to the wicked.
Every year of my life I grow more convinced that it is wisest and best to fix our attention on the beautiful and the good, and dwell as little as possible on the evil and the false.
Let us live for the beauty of our own reality.
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the Infinite.
Beauty doesn't need ornaments. Softness can't bear the weight of ornaments.
The best part of beauty is that which no picture can express.
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
Beauty is ever to the lonely mind a shadow fleeting; she is never plain. She is a visitor who leaves behind the gift of grief, the souvenir of pain.
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword.
A women's greatest asset is her beauty.
When virtue and modesty enlighten her charms, the lustre of a beautiful woman is brighter than the stars of heaven, and the influence of her power it is in vain to resist.
I gave my beauty and my youth to men. I am going to give my wisdom and experience to animals.
In every man's heart there is a secret nerve that answers to the vibrations of beauty.
Gorgeous hair is the best revenge.
If you look closely at a tree you'll notice it's knots and dead branches, just like our bodies. What we learn is that beauty and imperfection go together wonderfully.
Beauty is only temporary, but your mind lasts you a lifetime.
Heat cannot be separated from fire, or beauty from The Eternal.
Beauty is a fragile gift.
Love built on beauty, soon as beauty, dies.
In youth and beauty, wisdom is but rare!
There is a kind of beauty in imperfection.
I don't need plastic in my body to validate me as a woman.
Beauty saves. Beauty heals. Beauty motivates. Beauty unites. Beauty returns us to our origins, and here lies the ultimate act of saving, of healing, of overcoming dualism.
Having inner beauty is something you develop on your own, and I like to think I have that.
Beauty is variable, ugliness is constant.
Why hurry over beautiful things? Why not linger and enjoy them?
The problem with beauty is that it's like being born rich and getting poorer.
Beauty is less important than quality.
Beauty is whatever gives joy.
If you get simple beauty and naught else, you get about the best thing God invents.
My mother always called me an ugly weed, so I never was aware of anything until I was older. Plain girls should have someone telling them they are beautiful. Sometimes this works miracles.
Inner beauty should be the most important part of improving one's self.
Zest is the secret of all beauty. There is no beauty that is attractive without zest.
There is no personal achievement in being born beautiful.
Though beauty gives you a weird sense of entitlement, it's rather frightening and threatening to have others ascribe such importance to something you know you're just renting for a while.
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away.
Things are beautiful if you love them.
'Handsome' means many things to many people. If people consider me handsome, I feel flattered - and have my parents to thank for it. Realistically, it doesn't hurt to be good-looking, especially in this business.
Beauty is our weapon against nature; by it we make objects, giving them limit, symmetry, proportion. Beauty halts and freezes the melting flux of nature.
Some guys say beauty is only skin deep. But when you walk into a party, you don't see somebody's brain. The initial contact has to be the sniffing.
Even in the centuries which appear to us to be the most monstrous and foolish, the immortal appetite for beauty has always found satisfaction.
I sincerely feel that beauty largely comes from within.
The love of beauty in its multiple forms is the noblest gift of the human cerebrum.
You can only perceive real beauty in a person as they get older.
We are learning, too, that the love of beauty is one of Nature's greatest healers.
Integrity reveals beauty.
I would rather be adorned by beauty of character than jewels. Jewels are the gift of fortune, while character comes from within.
Beauty, more than bitterness, makes the heart break.
Taking joy in living is a woman's best cosmetic.
What beauty is, I know not, though it adheres to many things.
The real sin against life is to abuse and destroy beauty, even one's own even more, one's own, for that has been put in our care and we are responsible for its well-being.
Beauty is that which is simultaneously attractive and sublime.
I'd like to grow up and be beautiful. I know it doesn't matter, but it doesn't hurt.
Real beauty knocks you a little bit off kilter.
Like charity, I believe glamour should begin at home.
How goodness heightens beauty!
Without realizing it, the individual composes his life according to the laws of beauty even in times of greatest distress.
Beauty is one of the rare things which does not lead to doubt of God.
Goodness is beauty in the best estate.
Because beauty isn't enough, there must be something more.
It's sad when girls think they don't have anything going on except being pretty.
I was not a good-lookin' girl. I was extremely skinny. I wasn't pretty. I wasn't cool.
There is a role and function for beauty in our time.
When everything else physical and mental seems to diminish, the appreciation of beauty is on the increase.
You can't really say what is beautiful about a place, but the image of the place will remain vividly with you.
Beauty is only skin deep.
There is hope and a kind of beauty in there somewhere, if you look for it.
My dad had this philosophy that if you tell children they're beautiful and wonderful then they believe it, and they will be. So I never thought I was unattractive. But I was never one of the girls at school who had lots of boyfriends.
I can't live without my beauty products. I love to be in my bathroom with my candles lit, morning, noon and night. I like taking hot baths and hot showers, using my body scrubs and lotions.
It's amazing what sleep does for your looks.
Real beauty is to be true to oneself. That's what makes me feel good.
The beautiful remains so in ugly surroundings.
The plainer the dress, the greater luster does beauty appear.
O human beauty, what a dream art thou, that we should cast our life and hopes away on thee!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
Education is the best friend. An educated person is respected everywhere. Education beats the beauty and the youth.
The beauty of a woman is not in a facial mode but the true beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul. It is the caring that she lovingly gives the passion that she shows. The beauty of a woman grows with the passing years.
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.
When I admire the wonders of a sunset or the beauty of the moon, my soul expands in the worship of the creator.
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul.
Poetry is the rhythmical creation of beauty in words.
Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention.
It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony.
If we do not permit the earth to produce beauty and joy, it will in the end not produce food, either.
It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength.
Our task must be to free ourselves by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and its beauty.
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.
Loneliness adds beauty to life. It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better.
The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries or the way she combs her hair.
Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
To me, teamwork is the beauty of our sport, where you have five acting as one. You become selfless.
Love is the beauty of the soul.
Be sure what you want and be sure about yourself. Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
The books that help you most are those which make you think that most. The hardest way of learning is that of easy reading; but a great book that comes from a great thinker is a ship of thought, deep freighted with truth and beauty.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
Beauty is mysterious as well as terrible. God and devil are fighting there, and the battlefield is the heart of man.
Far away there in the sunshine are my highest aspirations. I may not reach them, but I can look up and see their beauty, believe in them, and try to follow where they lead.
Although beauty may be in the eye of the beholder, the feeling of being beautiful exists solely in the mind of the beheld.
By plucking her petals, you do not gather the beauty of the flower.
Do you know the difference between a beautiful woman and a charming one? A beauty is a woman you notice, a charmer is one who notices you.
Character contributes to beauty. It fortifies a woman as her youth fades. A mode of conduct, a standard of courage, discipline, fortitude, and integrity can do a great deal to make a woman beautiful.
The true beauty of music is that it connects people. It carries a message, and we, the musicians, are the messengers.
Don't get me wrong, I admire elegance and have an appreciation of the finer things in life. But to me, beauty lies in simplicity.
'Beauty is truth, truth beauty,' - that is all ye know on earth, and all ye need to know.
I decided that if I could paint that flower in a huge scale, you could not ignore its beauty.
I don't want to be perfect, but I do want to be a role model. My mom always tells me that imperfections equal beauty. All of us are imperfect.
Beauty is how you feel inside, and it reflects in your eyes. It is not something physical.
The beauty is that through disappointment you can gain clarity, and with clarity comes conviction and true originality.
I can barely conceive of a type of beauty in which there is no Melancholy.
It is not the beauty of a building you should look at; its the construction of the foundation that will stand the test of time.
When I am working on a problem, I never think about beauty but when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong.
It is not so much for its beauty that the forest makes a claim upon men's hearts, as for that subtle something, that quality of air that emanation from old trees, that so wonderfully changes and renews a weary spirit.
Smiling is definitely one of the best beauty remedies. If you have a good sense of humor and a good approach to life, that's beautiful.
Grace is the beauty of form under the influence of freedom.
Design is not making beauty, beauty emerges from selection, affinities, integration, love.
Youth is happy because it has the ability to see beauty. Anyone who keeps the ability to see beauty never grows old.
A lot of us grow up and we grow out of the literal interpretation that we get when we're children, but we bear the scars all our life. Whether they're scars of beauty or scars of ugliness, it's pretty much in the eye of the beholder.
There is something terribly morbid in the modern sympathy with pain. One should sympathise with the colour, the beauty, the joy of life. The less said about life's sores the better.
Taught from infancy that beauty is woman's sceptre, the mind shapes itself to the body, and roaming round its gilt cage, only seeks to adorn its prison.
Beauty and femininity are ageless and can't be contrived, and glamour, although the manufacturers won't like this, cannot be manufactured. Not real glamour; it's based on femininity.
We especially need imagination in science. It is not all mathematics, nor all logic, but it is somewhat beauty and poetry.
People often say that 'beauty is in the eye of the beholder,' and I say that the most liberating thing about beauty is realizing that you are the beholder. This empowers us to find beauty in places where others have not dared to look, including inside ourselves.
Photography records the gamut of feelings written on the human face, the beauty of the earth and skies that man has inherited, and the wealth and confusion man has created. It is a major force in explaining man to man.
I think every person has their own identity and beauty. Everyone being different is what is really beautiful. If we were all the same, it would be boring.
I love natural beauty, and I think it's your best look, but I think makeup as an artist is so transformative.
Tramping is too easy with all this money. My days were more exciting when I was penniless and had to forage around for my next meal... I've decided that I'm going to live this life for some time to come. The freedom and simple beauty of it is just too good to pass up.
What a man does for pay is of little significance. What he is, as a sensitive instrument responsive to the world's beauty, is everything!
Everyone has their own insecurities, regardless of how you look or how people perceive you, but sometimes people give their insecurities too much power. Defining beauty is simply a matter of opinion. For me, real beauty has very little to do with the structure of someone's face or body.
Beauty is about perception, not about make-up. I think the beginning of all beauty is knowing and liking oneself. You can't put on make-up, or dress yourself, or do you hair with any sort of fun or joy if you're doing it from a position of correction.
I always find beauty in things that are odd and imperfect - they are much more interesting.
It seems to me that the natural world is the greatest source of excitement; the greatest source of visual beauty; the greatest source of intellectual interest. It is the greatest source of so much in life that makes life worth living.
We all have our imperfections. But I'm human, and you know, it's important to concentrate on other qualities besides outer beauty.
Beauty surrounds us, but usually we need to be walking in a garden to know it.
A thing is right when it tends to preserve the integrity, stability and beauty of the biotic community. It is wrong when it tends otherwise.
Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love.
Beauty is everywhere a welcome guest.
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in the library?
Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty.
Our scientific age demands that we provide definitions, measurements, and statistics in order to be taken seriously. Yet most of the important things in life cannot be precisely defined or measured. Can we define or measure love, beauty, friendship, or decency, for example?
I do take very good care of myself, and I'm always in love. And by that I mean I have an appetite for life. I'm in love with beauty and things and people and love and being in love, and those things I think, on the inside, show on the outside.
The best news of the Christian gospel is that the supremely glorious Creator of the universe has acted in Jesus Christ's death and resurrection to remove every obstacle between us and himself so that we may find everlasting joy in seeing and savoring his infinite beauty.
Wisdom I know is social. She seeks her fellows. But Beauty is jealous, and illy bears the presence of a rival.
Beauty without grace is the hook without the bait.
We find delight in the beauty and happiness of children that makes the heart too big for the body.
For every moment of triumph, for every instance of beauty, many souls must be trampled.
So much has been said and sung of beautiful young girls, why doesn't somebody wake up to the beauty of old women.
Beauty is the disinterested one, without which the ancient world refused to understand itself, a word which both imperceptibly and yet unmistakably has bid farewell to our new world, a world of interests, leaving it to its own avarice and sadness.
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
There are no better cosmetics than a severe temperance and purity, modesty and humility, a gracious temper and calmness of spirit; and there is no true beauty without the signatures of these graces in the very countenance.
It's nice to just embrace the natural beauty within you.
Beauty is a short-lived tyranny.
The artist forges himself to the others, midway between the beauty he cannot do without and the community he cannot tear himself away from. That is why true artists scorn nothing: they are obliged to understand rather than to judge.
What would be ugly in a garden constitutes beauty in a mountain.
Beauty is an ecstasy; it is as simple as hunger. There is really nothing to be said about it. It is like the perfume of a rose: you can smell it and that is all.
O, thou art fairer than the evening air clad in the beauty of a thousand stars.
The most common error made in matters of appearance is the belief that one should disdain the superficial and let the true beauty of one's soul shine through. If there are places on your body where this is a possibility, you are not attractive - you are leaking.
The human mind is capable of excitement without the application of gross and violent stimulants; and he must have a very faint perception of its beauty and dignity who does not know this.
Beauty is only skin deep. I think what's really important is finding a balance of mind, body and spirit.
I think everybody can agree that you can hear a certain song and it will put you in a certain mood, and that's just the beauty of music and I am so inspired by that.
Beauty for some provides escape, who gain a happiness in eyeing the gorgeous buttocks of the ape or Autumn sunsets exquisitely dying.
Consider a tree for a moment. As beautiful as trees are to look at, we don't see what goes on underground - as they grow roots. Trees must develop deep roots in order to grow strong and produce their beauty. But we don't see the roots. We just see and enjoy the beauty. In much the same way, what goes on inside of us is like the roots of a tree.
I think exercise tests us in so many ways, our skills, our hearts, our ability to bounce back after setbacks. This is the inner beauty of sports and competition, and it can serve us all well as adult athletes.
There's a difference between beauty and charm. A beautiful woman is one I notice. A charming woman is one who notices me.
Beauty without expression is boring.
Facts which at first seem improbable will, even on scant explanation, drop the cloak which has hidden them and stand forth in naked and simple beauty.
I might have some character traits that some might see as innocence or naive. That's because I discovered peace and happiness in my soul. And with this knowledge, I also see the beauty of human life.
If I weren't performing, I'd be a beauty editor or a therapist. I love creativity, but I also love to help others. My mother was a hairstylist, and they listen to everyone's problems - like a beauty therapist!
This is part of the involuntary bargain we make with the world just by being alive. We get to experiences the splendor of nature, the beauty of art, the balm of love and the sheer joy of existence, always with the knowledge that illness, injury, natural disaster, or pure evil can end it in an instant for ourselves or someone we love.
When we recognise the virtues, the talent, the beauty of Mother Earth, something is born in us, some kind of connection; love is born.
To me, beauty and makeup and color is like the finishing touch on everything.
I tell myself that God gave my children many gifts - spirit, beauty, intelligence, the capacity to make friends and to inspire respect. There was only one gift he held back - length of life.
If in my youth I had realized that the sustaining splendour of beauty of with which I was in love would one day flood back into my heart, there to ignite a flame that would torture me without end, how gladly would I have put out the light in my eyes.
Through loyalty to the past, our mind refuses to realize that tomorrow's joy is possible only if today's makes way for it; that each wave owes the beauty of its line only to the withdrawal of the preceding one.
Let me tell you something - being thought of as a beautiful woman has spared me nothing in life. No heartache, no trouble. Love has been difficult. Beauty is essentially meaningless and it is always transitory.
The architect should strive continually to simplify; the ensemble of the rooms should then be carefully considered that comfort and utility may go hand in hand with beauty.
Beauty is also submitted to the taste of time, so a beautiful woman from the Belle Epoch is not exactly the perfect beauty of today, so beauty is something that changes with time.
I discovered that the horse is life itself, a metaphor but also an example of life's mystery and unpredictability, of life's generosity and beauty, a worthy object of repeated and ever changing contemplation.
I would define, in brief, the poetry of words as the rhythmical creation of Beauty.
Beauty is the greatest seducer of man.
It's not beauty but fine qualities, my girl, that keep a husband.
Secrecy is the element of all goodness; even virtue, even beauty is mysterious.
The beauty of independence, departure, actions that rely on themselves.
Look up, laugh loud, talk big, keep the color in your cheek and the fire in your eye, adorn your person, maintain your health, your beauty and your animal spirits.
An artist is an artist only because of his exquisite sense of beauty, a sense which shows him intoxicating pleasures, but which at the same time implies and contains an equally exquisite sense of all deformities and all disproportion.
At some point in life the world's beauty becomes enough. You don't need to photograph, paint or even remember it. It is enough.
That's why I began doing makeup in the first place: I was hoping that through helping people see the beauty in themselves, I could try and find it in me.
Courtesy is a silver lining around the dark clouds of civilization; it is the best part of refinement and in many ways, an art of heroic beauty in the vast gallery of man's cruelty and baseness.
My definition of love is being full. Complete. It makes everything lighter. Beauty is something you see. Love is something you feel.
In chess one cannot control everything. Sometimes a game takes an unexpected turn, in which beauty begins to emerge. Both players are always instrumental in this.
Blues and soul and jazz music has so much pain, so much beauty of raw emotion and passion.
Strength of character may be learned at work, but beauty of character is learned at home.
People say I am the king of painful shoes. I don't want to create painful shoes, but it is not my job to create something comfortable. I try to make high heels as comfortable as they can be, but my priority is design, beauty and sexiness. I'm not against them, but comfort is not my focus.
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
The world is a crazy, beautiful, ugly complicated place, and it keeps moving on from crisis to strangeness to beauty to weirdness to tragedy. The caravan keeps moving on, and the job of the longform writer or filmmaker or radio broadcaster is to stop - is to pause - and when the caravan goes away, that's when this stuff comes.
There is beauty when something works and it works intuitively.
Coral reefs represent some of the world's most spectacular beauty spots, but they are also the foundation of marine life: without them many of the sea's most exquisite species will not survive.
Beauty is the bait which with delight allures man to enlarge his kind.
Art is not the application of a canon of beauty but what the instinct and the brain can conceive beyond any canon. When we love a woman we don't start measuring her limbs.
Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty.
Beauty, to me is about being comfortable in your own skin.
Every beauty which is seen here by persons of perception resembles more than anything else that celestial source from which we all are come.
Light, God's eldest daughter, is a principal beauty in a building.
I am little concerned with beauty or perfection. I don't care for the great centuries. All I care about is life, struggle, intensity.
Poets say science takes away from the beauty of the stars - mere globs of gas atoms. I, too, can see the stars on a desert night, and feel them. But do I see less or more?
Walk on a rainbow trail; walk on a trail of song, and all about you will be beauty. There is a way out of every dark mist, over a rainbow trail.
Aging has a wonderful beauty and we should have respect for that.
People are fighting over how our heartsongs are different. But they don't need to be the same. That's the beauty. We are a mosaic of gifts. Each of us has our inner beauty no matter how we look.
My beauty secret is... nothing! I don't drink too much water. I don't eat very well. Sometimes I cheat and grab some chocolate. The best thing is to eat what you want, but not very much.
I have never before, in my long and eclectic career, been gifted with such an abundance of natural beauty as I experienced filming 'War Horse' on Dartmoor.
I would like to say to people, open your eyes and find beauty where you normally don't expect it.
I always loved aesthetics. Not particularly fashion, but an idea of beauty.
It is not sufficient to see and to know the beauty of a work. We must feel and be affected by it.
Whatever you may look like, marry a man your own age - as your beauty fades, so will his eyesight.
Sexiness wears thin after a while and beauty fades, but to be married to a man who makes you laugh every day, ah, now that's a real treat.
Art can never exist without naked beauty displayed.
People say I'm extravagant because I want to be surrounded by beauty. But tell me, who wants to be surrounded by garbage?
It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance... and I know of no substitute whatever for the force and beauty of its process.
That which God said to the rose, and caused it to laugh in full-blown beauty, He said to my heart, and made it a hundred times more beautiful.
Life deprived of beauty is not worthy of being called human.
A day spent without the sight or sound of beauty, the contemplation of mystery, or the search of truth or perfection is a poverty-stricken day; and a succession of such days is fatal to human life.
A person however learned and qualified in his life's work in whom gratitude is absent, is devoid of that beauty of character which makes personality fragrant.
The moment you cheat for the sake of beauty, you know you're an artist.
No spring nor summer beauty hath such grace as I have seen in one autumnal face.
A horse is a thing of beauty... none will tire of looking at him as long as he displays himself in his splendor.
When I think of art I think of beauty. Beauty is the mystery of life. It is not in the eye it is in the mind. In our minds there is awareness of perfection.
If you don't die of thirst, there are blessings in the desert. You can be pulled into limitlessness, which we all yearn for, or you can do the beauty of minutiae, the scrimshaw of tiny and precise. The sky is your ocean, and the crystal silence will uplift you like great gospel music, or Neil Young.
Beauty is a radiance that originates from within and comes from inner security and strong character.
Beauty is grace and confidence. I've learned to accept and appreciate what nature gave me.
Only when inspired to go beyond consciousness by some extraordinary insight does beauty manifest unexpectedly.
The human face is the organic seat of beauty. It is the register of value in development, a record of Experience, whose legitimate office is to perfect the life, a legible language to those who will study it, of the majestic mistress, the soul.
It's how you look at beauty. Is it only an outward appearance with hair and makeup and a hot body, or is it something deeper than that?
Sometimes the beauty is easy. Sometimes you don't have to try at all. Sometimes you can hear the wind blow in a handshake. Sometimes there's poetry written right on the bathroom wall.
I like to embrace natural beauty. I try to get at least 8 hours of sleep, drinking a lot of water and exercising.
He who seeks truth shall find beauty. He who seeks beauty shall find vanity. He who seeks order shall find gratification. He who seeks gratification shall be disappointed. He who considers himself the servant of his fellow beings shall find the joy of self-expression. He who seeks self-expression shall fall into the pit of arrogance.
What you want to worship above youth, I think, is beauty, and beauty is so beyond just appearances after a while. Because you can be with someone who's good-looking; if they open their mouths and they're an idiot, then they cease to be beautiful very quickly.
Not to sound corny, but intelligence is big. Everything fades, and everything can be modified. But intelligence is something you can't fake. I'm not even talking about whether you can read a thesaurus backwards. But there is a beauty in common sense.
The fun part of being a girl is that there are little beauty things you can do to make yourself feel special.
Beauty is a relation, and the apprehension of it a comparison.
There's beauty everywhere. There are amazing things happening everywhere, you just have to be able to open your eyes and witness it. Some days, that's harder than others.
Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out.
Even when I see a beautiful woman, I think, 'Aw, her life must be amazing.' Everyone does it. That's human nature to believe that beauty is everything.
The significance of the cherry blossom tree in Japanese culture goes back hundreds of years. In their country, the cherry blossom represents the fragility and the beauty of life. It's a reminder that life is almost overwhelmingly beautiful but that it is also tragically short.
Beauty comes from a life well lived. If you've lived well, your smile lines are in the right places, and your frown lines aren't too bad, what more do you need?
Beauty, sweet love, is like the morning dew, Whose short refresh upon tender green, Cheers for a time, but till the sun doth show And straight is gone, as it had never been.
A healthful hunger for a great idea is the beauty and blessedness of life.
Great perils have this beauty, that they bring to light the fraternity of strangers.
Beauty makes idiots sad and wise men merry.
There is no excellent beauty that hath not some strangeness in the proportion.
I always hear myself saying , 'She's a beauty!' or 'He's a beauty!' or 'What a beauty!' but I never know what I'm talking about.
I don't like people who have never fallen or stumbled. Their virtue is lifeless and it isn't of much value. Life hasn't revealed its beauty to them.
Praise or blame has but a momentary effect on the man whose love of beauty in the abstract makes him a severe critic on his own works.
The kind of beauty I want most is the hard-to-get kind that comes from within - strength, courage, dignity.
Filipinos want beauty. I have to look beautiful so that the poor Filipinos will have a star to look at from their slums.
Beauty is merciless. You do not look at it, it looks at you and does not forgive.
The beauty of life is in people who feel some obligation to enhance life. Without that, we're only half alive.
For thousands of years, human beings have been obsessed with beauty, truth, love, honor, altruism, courage, social relationships, art, and God. They all go together as subjective experiences, and it's a straw man to set God up as the delusion. If he is, then so is truth itself or beauty itself.
I'm tired of all this nonsense about beauty being skin deep. That's deep enough. What do you want, an adorable pancreas?
I trust in nature for the stable laws of beauty and utility. Spring shall plant and autumn garner to the end of time.
A bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty and a boy forever.
A whopping 89 percent of buyers start their home search online. How your house looks online is the modern equivalent of 'curb appeal.' Rent a wide-angle lens and good lighting, get rid of your clutter and post at least eight great photos to win the beauty contest.
Liturgy is like a strong tree whose beauty is derived from the continuous renewal of its leaves, but whose strength comes from the old trunk, with solid roots in the ground.
What is man's ultimate direction in life? It is to look for love, truth, virtue, and beauty.
The key to education is the experience of beauty.
All the freaky people make the beauty of the world.
Cinderella is not only an iconic character when it comes to beauty, grace and fairytale love, but also shoes.
Depression opens the door to beauty of some kind.
I don't care how many beauty treatments you have, I don't care which bag you're carrying - you have to have a dress.
The beauty one can find in art is one of the pitifully few real and lasting products of human endeavor.
I love Rauschenberg. I love that he created a turning point in visual history, that he redefined the idea of beauty, that he combined painting, sculpture, photography, and everyday life with such gall, and that he was interested in, as he put it, 'the ability to conceive failure as progress.'
Whereas religious prayers sing of peace and harmony, religion has divided human beings through an atrocious history of enmity and bloodshed. Yet, behind the veil of superficiality and hypocrisy, I always believed in the inherent beauty of God that lies at the essence of all true spiritual paths.
Beauty is composed of an eternal, invariable element whose quantity is extremely difficult to determine, and a relative element which might be, either by turns or all at once, period, fashion, moral, passion.
Art is the unceasing effort to compete with the beauty of flowers - and never succeeding.
Beauty is not something you can count on. Usually, when people say you are beautiful, it is when there is a harmony between the inside and the outside.
'Beauty' is a currency system like the gold standard. Like any economy, it is determined by politics, and in the modern age in the West is is the last, best belief system that keeps male dominance intact.
Fast cars like Porsches and Ferraris - they are things of beauty.
When we recognise the virtues, the talent, the beauty of Mother Earth, something is born in us, some kind of connection, love is born.
Nothing surpasses the beauty and elegance of a bad idea.
We live in a quick-fix society where we need instant gratification for everything. Too fat? Get lipo-sucked. Stringy hair? Glue on extensions. Wrinkles and lines? Head to the beauty shop for a pot of the latest miracle skin stuff. It's all a beautiful &pound;1 billion con foisted upon insecure women by canny cosmetic conglomerates.
I appreciate simplicity, true beauty that lasts over time, and a little wit and eclecticism that make life more fun.
As a girl, you're supposed to love Sleeping Beauty. I mean, who wants to love Sleeping Beauty when you can be Aladdin?
You, too, women, cast away all the cowards from your embraces; they will give you only cowards for children, and you who are the daughters of the land of beauty must bear children who are noble and brave.
Beauty is when you can appreciate yourself. When you love yourself, that's when you're most beautiful.
Fashion fosters cliches of beauty, but I want to tear them apart.
Beauty, like truth, is relative to the time when one lives and to the individual who can grasp it. The expression of beauty is in direct ratio to the power of conception the artist has acquired.
Being nerdy just means being passionate about something, including everyone - the coolest people on Earth are passionate and therefore nerdy about something whatever it is, whether it's sports, or gaming, or technology, or fashion, or beauty, or food, or whatever.
In a meadow full of flowers, you cannot walk through and breathe those smells and see all those colors and remain angry. We have to support the beauty, the poetry, of life.
People, unprotected by their roles, become isolated in beauty and intellect and illness and confusion.
I didn't grow up identifying with beauty. I grew up thinking I could be smart and funny - those are the things I got feedback on.
My greatest beauty secret is being happy with myself. I don't use special creams or treatments - I'll use a little bit of everything. It's a mistake to think you are what you put on yourself. I believe that a lot of how you look is to do with how you feel about yourself and your life. Happiness is the greatest beauty secret.
Beauty doesn't matter because in the end, we all lose our looks and all we have is our heart.
I know that I've got big ears and a big forehead and that my hair sticks up. But I'm happy with myself. I'm not necessarily trying to win a beauty pageant here.
Beauty is an asset, just like physical prowess, charisma, brains or emotional intelligence. The key with any gift is in the way that you use it. It doesn't define you as a person. Rather, it's an asset to be used judiciously and with an understanding of how it is just a small part of who you are.
The beauty of having short hair is that I actually can wash and style it at home!
My mother is a big believer in being responsible for your own happiness. She always talked about finding joy in small moments and insisted that we stop and take in the beauty of an ordinary day. When I stop the car to make my kids really see a sunset, I hear my mother's voice and smile.
Everyone can identify with a fragrant garden, with beauty of sunset, with the quiet of nature, with a warm and cozy cottage.
What can a pencil do for all of us? Amazing things. It can write transcendent poetry, uplifting music, or life-changing equations; it can sketch the future, give life to untold beauty, and communicate the full-force of our love and aspirations.
I feel prematurely old. I'm actually having this major belated quarter-life crisis. I'm turning 30 in a couple of weeks. I've been thinking a lot about mortality. A lot about what I'm going to do with my life and how to enjoy it. One of the things I'm going to work on is being more spontaneous, letting go, embracing the beauty of come-what-may.
Pastry is different from cooking because you have to consider the chemistry, beauty and flavor. It's not just sugar and eggs thrown together. I tell my pastry chefs to be in tune for all of this. You have to be challenged by using secret or unusual ingredients.
I think, aesthetically, car design is so interesting - the dashboards, the steering wheels, and the beauty of the mechanics. I don't know how any of it works, I don't want to know, but it's inspirational.
Let your watchword be order and your beacon beauty.
Visual surprise is natural in the Caribbean; it comes with the landscape, and faced with its beauty, the sigh of History dissolves.
Romanticism is not just about being in a fixed state of endless beauty, because you can't live like that or live on that, that's what I've learnt.
Growing up, I just wanted to be like everyone else. I didn't value or understand the beauty in being different at the time in my life.
I believe love at first sight is possible. Centuries of literature and art and beauty has been dedicated to that idea, so who am I to argue, even if I've never experienced it?
There are elements of intrinsic beauty in the simplification of a house built on the log cabin idea.
You can always enhance your natural beauty; you learn what works for your face because crazy make-up doesn't really suit anyone.
The perception of beauty is a moral test.
Alas! how little does the memory of these human inhabitants enhance the beauty of the landscape!
Anything in any way beautiful derives its beauty from itself and asks nothing beyond itself. Praise is no part of it, for nothing is made worse or better by praise.
The beauty, the poetry of the fear in their eyes. I didn't mind going to jail for, what, five, six hours? It was absolutely worth it.
It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous.
Should you shield the canyons from the windstorms you would never see the true beauty of their carvings.
Beauty in distress is much the most affecting beauty.
It's a good thing that beauty is only skin deep, or I'd be rotten to the core.
Celibacy is not just a matter of not having sex. It is a way of admiring a person for their humanity, maybe even for their beauty.
I also became close to nature, and am now able to appreciate the beauty with which this world is endowed.
The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture.
San Francisco is a mad city - inhabited for the most part by perfectly insane people whose women are of a remarkable beauty.
In marriage do thou be wise: prefer the person before money, virtue before beauty, the mind before the body; then thou hast a wife, a friend, a companion, a second self.
Talent grips us. We are overtaken by the beauty of Michelangelo's sculpture, riveted by Mariah Carey's angelic voice, doubled over in laughter by the comedy of Robin Williams, and captivated by the on screen performances of Denzel Washington.
There's a beauty to wisdom and experience that cannot be faked. It's impossible to be mature without having lived.
I believe that children are our future. Teach them well and let them lead the way. Show them all the beauty they possess inside.
When I say that human beings are just gene machines, one shouldn't put too much emphasis on the word 'just.' There is a very great deal of complication, and indeed beauty in being a gene machine.
There is great beauty in going through life without anxiety or fear. Half our fears are baseless, and the other half discreditable.
The beauty of the world, which is so soon to perish, has two edges, one of laughter, one of anguish, cutting the heart asunder.
I'm just glad I was able to return to some of that innocence and beauty I had as a child when I started my own family, and my children brought me back some of that spirit.
The lover knows much more about absolute good and universal beauty than any logician or theologian, unless the latter, too, be lovers in disguise.
All cities are mad: but the madness is gallant. All cities are beautiful: but the beauty is grim.
For the man sound of body and serene of mind there is no such thing as bad weather; every day has its beauty, and storms which whip the blood do but make it pulse more vigorously.
Grace in women has more effect than beauty.
What the imagination seizes as beauty must be truth.
Competence, like truth, beauty, and contact lenses, is in the eye of the beholder.
A bad manner spoils everything, even reason and justice; a good one supplies everything, gilds a No, sweetens a truth, and adds a touch of beauty to old age itself.
When I tried to play something and screwed up, I'd hear some other note that would come into play. Then I started trying different things to find the beauty in it.
Old hands soil, it seems, whatever they caress, but they too have their beauty when they are joined in prayer. Young hands were made for caresses and the sheathing of love. It is a pity to make them join too soon.
Today I see beauty everywhere I go, in every face I see, in every single soul.
Nothing can be compared to the great beauty and capabilities of a soul; however keen our intellects may be, they are as unable to comprehend them as to comprehend God, for, as He has told us, He created us in His own image and likeness.
Wisdom is the abstract of the past, but beauty is the promise of the future.
There is in true beauty, as in courage, something which narrow souls cannot dare to admire.
We have been educated into believing someone else's concept of the deity, and someone else's standard of beauty. You have the right to practice any religion and politics in a way that best suits your freedom, your dignity, and your understanding. And once you do that, you don't apologize.
Poetry lifts the veil from the hidden beauty of the world, and makes familiar objects be as if they were not familiar.
I'm such an avid magazine reader - music, art, beauty magazines - and I found that food and restaurants were pouring into everything I cared about. Whether it was the pop-up concept, or some mysterious mini-mall restaurant, I got swept up in the sexy romance of the food movement.
The absence of flaw in beauty is itself a flaw.
Beauty is nature's brag, and must be shown in courts, at feasts, and high solemnities, where most may wonder at the workmanship.
If the world could remain within a frame like a painting on the wall, I think we'd see the beauty then and stand staring in awe.
Obscenity, which is ever blasphemy against the divine beauty in life, is a monster for which the corruption of society forever brings forth new food, which it devours in secret.
Beauty is not just a white girl. It's so many different flavors and shades.
This is the beauty of the Qur'an: it asks you to reflect and reason, and not to worship the sun or moon but the One who has created everything. The Qur'an asks man to reflect upon the sun and moon and God's creation in general.
Death is the mother of Beauty; hence from her, alone, shall come fulfillment to our dreams and our desires.
When I was a seminarian, I was dazzled by a girl I met at an uncle's wedding. I was surprised by her beauty, her intellectual brilliance... and, well, I was bowled over for quite a while.
I slept and dreamt that life was beauty; I woke and found that life was duty.
I am still a victim of chess. It has all the beauty of art - and much more. It cannot be commercialized. Chess is much purer than art in its social position.
Vampires have always held a very seductive kind of lore and have always been some variety of attractive, whether it's attractiveness that's born of just the physical attributes that they have - this kind of ethereal beauty or translucent pallor - or whether it is more to do with the way they carry themselves.
I've developed into quite a swan. I'm one of those people that will probably look better and better as I get older until I drop dead of beauty.
What, after all, is the object of education? To train the body in health, vigor and grace, so that it may express the emotions in beauty and the mind with accuracy and strength.
A lot of punk rock is not going to be in the mainstream. It's below the radar. The beauty of it is that you're not supposed to always know. It's subterranean.
I really admire a woman for her intelligence, her personality. Beauty is not enough.
I believe that history has shape, order, and meaning; that exceptional men, as much as economic forces, produce change; and that passe abstractions like beauty, nobility, and greatness have a shifting but continuing validity.
I think the 1970s will always be the decade for me. Obviously, I grew up in that era, but the beauty standard was touchable, kissable.
There are always young bands playing in their garages. A lot of punk rock is not going to be in the mainstream. It's below the radar. The beauty of it is that you're not supposed to always know. It's subterranean.
There's no such thing is aging, but maturing and knowledge. It's beautiful, I call that beauty.
For I must tell you that we artists cannot tread the path of Beauty without Eros keeping company with us and appointing himself as our guide.
For most people, we often marvel at the beauty of a sunrise or the magnificence of a full moon, but it is impossible to fathom the magnitude of the universe that surrounds us.
As soon as beauty is sought not from religion and love, but for pleasure, it degrades the seeker.
When the soul looks out of its body, it should see only beauty in its path. These are the sights we must hold in mind, in order to move to a higher place.
Beauty is as relative as light and dark. Thus, there exists no beautiful woman, none at all, because you are never certain that a still far more beautiful woman will not appear and completely shame the supposed beauty of the first.
I write for no other purpose than to add to the beauty that now belongs to me. I write a book for no other reason than to add three or four hundred acres to my magnificent estate.
Most urgently, women's identity must be premised upon our 'beauty' so that we will remain vulnerable to outside approval, carrying the vital sensitive organ of self-esteem exposed to the air.
Natural beauty really entices men. They will tell you this time and time again, and studies consistently prove it.
Physical beauty isn't so impressive to me.
Jordan has a strange, haunting beauty and a sense of timelessness. Dotted with the ruins of empires once great, it is the last resort of yesterday in the world of tomorrow. I love every inch of it.
I didn't appreciate the young woman that I was, or my young beauty, because I was so obsessed with the fact that I felt fat. It's never good to add to anybody else's suffering. It's an important topic to really get the gravity and the importance of - dealing with dignity.
Natural beauty takes at least two hours in front of a mirror.
For the mind disturbed, the still beauty of dawn is nature's finest balm.
When I learned to sign and speak at the same time, the whole world opened up to me. That's the beauty of encouraging kids who are deaf to use whatever it takes to communicate.
Beauty is perfect in its imperfections, so you just have to go with the imperfections.
Many a genius has been slow of growth. Oaks that flourish for a thousand years do not spring up into beauty like a reed.
I'm really proud of myself because I've pared my beauty regimen down to a cream blush and berry-tinted lip balm, which has saved me so much time.
I think we should all be tolerant of each other and embrace each others' strengths and differences and uniqueness and beauty.
Once you go inside and weed through the muck, you will find the real beauty, the truth about yourself.
It seems that if one is working from the point of view of getting beauty in one's equations, and if one has really a sound insight, one is on a sure line of progress.
When you are balanced and when you listen and attend to the needs of your body, mind, and spirit, your natural beauty comes out.
One of the things that people don't realize is that that natural beauty, those recreational forests, they have an economic development impact for the state as well.
Would Jove appoint some flower to reign, in matchless beauty on the plain, the Rose (mankind will all agree). The Rose the queen of flowers should be.
The reason that the all-American boy prefers beauty to brains is that he can see better than he can think.
Solitude has its own very strange beauty to it.
We have to nurture our young women and understand the beauty and the strength of being a woman. It's kind of a catch-22: Strength in women isn't appreciated, and vulnerability in women isn't appreciated. It's like, 'What the hell do you do?' What you do is you don't allow anyone to dictate who you are.
Remarkable contributions are typically spawned by a passionate commitment to transcendent values such as beauty, truth, wisdom, justice, charity, fidelity, joy, courage and honor.
I've etched out who I am through myriad haircut attempts, outfit attempts, beauty attempts, diet attempts. It's been an evolution.
Americans worship creativity the way they worship physical beauty - as a way of enjoying elitism without guilt: God did it.
A beautiful bouquet or a long-lasting flowering plant is a traditional gift for women, but I have recommended that both men and women keep fresh flowers in the home for their beauty, fragrance, and the lift they give our spirits.
Riding my motorcycle around L.A. is like my own video game. But unlike many folks at the wheel, I am occupied with getting where I'm going and keeping myself safe. Most people are applying makeup, texting, and checking out the beauty in the next car.
The Cemetery of Forgotten Books is a metaphor, not just for books but for ideas, for language, for knowledge, for beauty, for all the things that make us human, for collecting memory.
The expression of beauty is in direct ratio to the power of conception the artist has acquired.
Poetry; a criticism of life under the conditions fixed for such a criticism by the laws of poetic truth and poetic beauty.
No single man can be taken as a model for a perfect figure, for no man lives on earth who is endowed with the whole of beauty.
Every article on these islands has an almost personal character, which gives this simple life, where all art is unknown, something of the artistic beauty of medieval life.
The auto industry must acknowledge that a rational transportation policy should seek a balance between individual convenience, the efficient use of limited resources, and urban-living values that protect spaciousness, natural beauty, and human-scale mobility.
The beauty of Hawaii probably surpasses other places. I like the Big Island and the two mountains, Mauna Loa and Mauna Kea, where you can look out at the stars.
Beauty and seduction, I believe, is nature's tool for survival, because we will protect what we fall in love with.
Proportions are what makes the old Greek temples classic in their beauty. They are like huge blocks, from which the air has been literally hewn out between the columns.
I believe it's time that women truly owned their superpowers and used their beauty and strength to change the world around them.
Cherish sunsets, wild creatures and wild places. Have a love affair with the wonder and beauty of the earth.
I think that the mythology of Van Gogh's life, and the beauty of his paintings, is unstoppable.
I like Aurora, 'Sleeping Beauty,' because she's just sleeping and looking pretty and waiting for boys to come kiss her. Sounds like a good life - lots of naps and cute boys fighting dragons to come kiss you.
I just try to play music from my heart and bring as much beauty as I can to as many people as I can. Just give them other alternatives, especially people who aren't exposed to creative music.
My mama told me in college, 'I love you, and you're God's child, but natural beauty will only take you so far.'
I'm from Canada, and New Zealand feels like you took all the best bits of Canada and squished them onto a tiny island like Hawaii. I was absolutely blown away by the beauty of the South Island.
The key of 'The Earth from Above,' and of 'Home' is to show the beauty of the planet, and thereby to promote love for it.
We have to get back to the beauty of just being alive in this present moment.
I would never like to endorse a fairness cream. I believe in natural beauty.
Take care of your inner, spiritual beauty. That will reflect in your face.
The destruction of the natural beauty, the ecosystems, and the majesty of mountains affect us in ways we're not even aware of. Every time a mountain is beheaded, we chop off a little part of our souls.
Music, as many people have said, is the universal language. Of course points are made which make you think about things, but ultimately it makes you feel. And that's why people remember more songs that have meant something during their life than films. They start to define periods in your life, and that's kind of the beauty of it.
What is important, then, is not that the critic should possess a correct abstract definition of beauty for the intellect, but a certain kind of temperament, the power of being deeply moved by the presence of beautiful objects.
Italy's assets are her style, her beauty, her creativity, her passion, her energy, her technology; and these will be core brand values of all our cars. Fiat as a company has a long way to go and a steep road ahead.
Where is there beauty when you see deprivation and starvation?
Beauty is the first test: there is no permanent place in the world for ugly mathematics.
I know I'm not a conventional beauty. You can read a lot of painful things on the Internet, which criticise you aesthetically - but as far as I'm concerned, that's not what an actress is.
You will also allow me to thank the Academy for inviting me to lecture in Stockholm, for its hospitality, and for the opportunity afforded me for admiring the charm of your people and the beauty of your country.
I have a book out called 'The Beauty Equation' and it discusses how off track we have gone in considering beauty.
Beauty is an outward gift, which is seldom despised, except by those to whom it has been refused.
Beauty is a short-lived tyranny.
I think permitting the game to become too physical takes away a little bit of the beauty.
The ideal and the beautiful are identical; the ideal corresponds to the idea, and beauty to form; hence idea and substance are cognate.
That which you create in beauty and goodness and truth lives on for all time to come. Don't spend your life accumulating material objects that will only turn to dust and ashes.
Exuberance is beauty.
Most sets of values would give rise to universes that, although they might be very beautiful, would contain no one able to wonder at that beauty.
Children, dear and loving children, can alone console a woman for the loss of her beauty.
I am a thing of beauty.
Beauty may be skin deep, but ugly goes clear to the bone.
Beauty deprived of its proper foils and adjuncts ceases to be enjoyed as beauty, just as light deprived of all shadows ceases to be enjoyed as light.
Teach us that wealth is not elegance, that profusion is not magnificence, that splendor is not beauty.
You can take no credit for beauty at sixteen. But if you are beautiful at sixty, it will be your soul's own doing.
Poetry is something to make us wiser and better, by continually revealing those types of beauty and truth, which God has set in all men's souls.
Beauty always promises, but never gives anything.
Nonsense and beauty have close connections.
It is well known that Beauty does not look with a good grace on the timid advances of Humour.
The beautiful seems right by force of beauty, and the feeble wrong because of weakness.
To look almost pretty is an acquisition of higher delight to a girl who has been looking plain for the first fifteen years of her life than a beauty from her cradle can ever receive.
There is nothing that makes its way more directly into the soul than beauty.
It is the addition of strangeness to beauty that constitutes the romantic character in art.
That's one of the nice things. I mean, part of the beauty of me is that I'm very rich. So if I need $600 million, I can put $600 million myself. That's a huge advantage. I must tell you, that's a huge advantage over the other candidates.
I always say you can never be extravagant with beauty. Beauty is God made real. Beauty is life.
It would be difficult for me not to conclude that the most perfect type of masculine beauty is Satan, as portrayed by Milton.
It is dangerous for mortal beauty, or terrestrial virtue, to be examined by too strong a light. The torch of Truth shows much that we cannot, and all that we would not, see.
The ideal beauty is a fugitive which is never found.
Soon I realized that if beauty equalled forgiveness, I was never going to be forgiven.
Grace is in garments, in movements, in manners; beauty in the nude, and in forms. This is true of bodies; but when we speak of feelings, beauty is in their spirituality, and grace in their moderation.
After all, it is the divinity within that makes the divinity without; and I have been more fascinated by a woman of talent and intelligence, though deficient in personal charms, than I have been by the most regular beauty.
Humanism was not wrong in thinking that truth, beauty, liberty, and equality are of infinite value, but in thinking that man can get them for himself without grace.
There is certainly no absolute standard of beauty. That precisely is what makes its pursuit so interesting.
People think that if you look fairly reasonable, you can't possibly act, and as I only care about acting, I think beauty can be a great handicap.
By its very nature the beautiful is isolated from everything else. From beauty no road leads to reality.
I have been overcome by the beauty and richness of our life together, those early mornings setting out, those evenings gleaming with rivers and lakes below us, still holding the last light.
Whether you come from heaven or hell, what does it matter, O Beauty!
Enhance and intensify one's vision of that synthesis of truth and beauty which is the highest and deepest reality.
Standards of beauty are arbitrary. Body shame exists only to the extent that our physiques don't match our own beliefs about how we should look.
Beauty is the lover's gift.
Beauty, whether moral or natural, is felt, more properly than perceived.
During the 80s and 90s, we all became consumed with ourselves. In the 21st century, we've come back to simpler times. People are struggling economically and this has forced them to scale back the material aspects of their lives and realise the beauty of finding the simple joy in being with the people we love.
For what the horse does under compulsion, as Simon also observes, is done without understanding; and there is no beauty in it either, any more than if one should whip and spur a dancer.
If I were in the government, I would persuade the prime minister to see the beauty in the fact that people see Israel as a haven - from their sadness to their hope.
Beauty is only skin deep, but it's a valuable asset if you're poor or haven't any sense.
Pay attention to the beauty surrounding you.
The beauty that addresses itself to the eyes is only the spell of the moment; the eye of the body is not always that of the soul.
I would warn you that I do not attribute to nature either beauty or deformity, order or confusion. Only in relation to our imagination can things be called beautiful or ugly, well-ordered or confused.
Beauty when unadorned is adorned the most.
Somehow a bachelor never quite gets over the idea that he is a thing of beauty and a boy forever.
The thing that surprised me the most is just how much money women that weren't rich were paying for their hair. When you're in a beauty parlor in Harlem next to abandoned buildings and somebody's paying five grand for a weave, that's a bit much.
Filipinos don't wallow in what is miserable and ugly. They recycle the bad into things of beauty.
The pleasure we derive from the representation of the present is due, not only to the beauty it can be clothed in, but also to its essential quality of being the present.
Paris is one of the most beautiful places in all the world. Unfortunately, I was so homesick I couldn't appreciate its beauty.
Always think of what is useful and not what is beautiful. Beauty will come of its own accord.
Beauty will be convulsive or will not be at all.
Beauty is now defined by your bones sticking out of your decolletage. For that to be the standard is really perilous for women.
I have always known what I wanted, and that was beauty... in every form.
Beauty, like ice, our footing does betray; Who can tread sure on the smooth, slippery way: Pleased with the surface, we glide swiftly on, And see the dangers that we cannot shun.
It is shallow people who think beauty is frivolous or excessive. If you are bringing beauty and god, you are enriching the country. Rice feeds the body, books feed the mind, beauty feeds the soul. It is one thing I can really be proud of and stand tall in the world.
I'm not ugly, but my beauty is a total creation.
In the central place of every heart, there is a recording chamber; so long as it receives messages of beauty, hope, cheer and courage, you are young.
The truth, the absolute truth, is that the chief beauty for the theatre consists in fine bodily proportions.
Our hearts were drunk with a beauty Our eyes could never see.
I am not fighting for success, just to get more beauty out of myself and share it with more people.
The beauty of 'spacing' children many years apart lies in the fact that parents have time to learn the mistakes that were made with the older ones - which permits them to make exactly the opposite mistakes with the younger ones.
The fame that goes with wealth and beauty is fleeting and fragile; intellectual superiority is a possession glorious and eternal.
What is beauty, anyway? It's more than something pleasant looking. If it doesn't stop us in our tracks and make us unable to move for a moment, unable to put into words what's closing off the breath in our throats, then maybe it's pretty, but it probably isn't beauty.
Through Kurt I saw the beauty of minimalism and the importance of music that's stripped down.
Romance and novel paint beauty in colors more charming than nature, and describe a happiness that humans never taste. How deceptive and destructive are those pictures of consummate bliss!
It seems like the chaos of this world is accelerating, but so is the beauty in the consciousness of more and more people.
I wasn't afraid of getting old, because I was never a great beauty.
Wealth, beauty, and fame are transient. When those are gone, little is left except the need to be useful.
Beauty and brains, pleasure and usability - they should go hand in hand.
In LA, where I live, it's all about perfectionism. Beauty is now defined by your bones sticking out of your decolletage. For that to be the standard is really perilous for women.
Encourage good music and art and literature in your homes. Homes that have a spirit of refinement and beauty will bless the lives of your children forever.
My beauty secret is absolutely no sun.
I accidentally entered a youth pageant when I was 14. That's like a beauty pageant, but without the beauty. It was terrible.
There are two ways to worry words. One is hoping for the greatest possible beauty in what is created. The other is to tell the truth.
A woman can be very beautiful and an ideal model and she will photograph incredibly well, but she'll appear in film and it won't work. What works is some fusion of physical beauty with some mental field or whatever you call it. I don't know.
An eye for beauty locks onto faces that show signs of health and fertility - just as one would predict if it had evolved to help the beholder find the fittest mate.
Ugliness is in a way superior to beauty because it lasts.
Beauty is no dead thing. It is the manifestation of God in nature. There is not one object in nature untouched by man that is not beautiful, for God's manifestation is beauty. It shines through all His works, and not only in those that may give pleasure to man.
Sex and beauty are inseparable, like life and consciousness. And the intelligence which goes with sex and beauty, and arises out of sex and beauty, is intuition.
Poetry and beauty are always making peace. When you read something beautiful you find coexistence; it breaks walls down.
I think that something needs to be weird in order to have a real beauty.
Art requires philosophy, just as philosophy requires art. Otherwise, what would become of beauty?
It is very necessary to have markers of beauty left in a world seemingly bent on making the most evil ugliness.
Beauty is boring because it is predictable.
For all of nature's wonder and beauty, it is also hostile and unpredictable.
Poetry is something I love to do. Good poetry has an amazing ability to be communicative before it's even understood. I get emotional just from the beauty of words.
The past itself, as historical change continues to accelerate, has become the most surreal of subjects - making it possible... to see a new beauty in what is vanishing.
It's not some great work of beauty and love to be a rock-and-roll singer.
I find beauty in the grotesque, like most artists.
What I like about cities is that everything is king size, the beauty and the ugliness.
I was kind of a jock in school. Beauty wasn't something I spent a lot of time on.
Art is beauty, the perpetual invention of detail, the choice of words, the exquisite care of execution.
My father, who was a cabinetmaker, told me, 'Wood has a grain and if you go into the grain, you have beauty. If you go against it, you have splinters - it breaks.' And I took that as my view of life. You have to follow the grain - to be sensitive to the direction of life.
Thanks to capitalism, the importance placed on beauty has never been so manipulated. We are the guinea pigs force-fed ads that tell us how pathetic we are: that we will never be loved, happy or valuable unless we have the body, the face, the hair, even the personality that will apparently be ours, if only we buy their products.
The pain passes, but the beauty remains.
Ads featuring real women and real beauty are such a necessary component to offset the potentially dangerous programming out there for little girls.
I am a great lover of art, in many forms: paintings, objets, textiles. I don't have the talent for painting, but I have a very good sense of colour, a love of visual beauty.
We no longer dare to believe in beauty and we make of it a mere appearance in order the more easily to dispose of it.
Beauty is but the sensible image of the Infinite. Like truth and justice it lives within us; like virtue and the moral law it is a companion of the soul.
I never quite understood why Disney hadn't made a sincere fairy tale since 'Beauty and the Beast.'
Abstraction brings the world into more complex, variable relations; it can extract beauty, alternative topographies, ugliness, and intense actualities from seeming nothingness.
All summer, I read fiction because you must read for the pleasure and beauty of it, and not only for research. I don't read thrillers, romance or mystery, and I don't read self-help books because I don't believe in shortcuts and loopholes.
Beauty fades! I just turned 29, so I probably don't have that many good years left in me.
What delights us in visible beauty is the invisible.
What saddens me is the corruption of youth and beauty, and the loss of soul, which is only replaced by money.
Too little is it considered, while we gaze on aristocratic beauty, how much good food, soft lying, warm wrapping, ease of mind, have to do with the attractions which command our admiration.
Order is the shape upon which beauty depends.
Rarely do great beauty and great virtue dwell together.
Imagine if I'd said, 'I have to be the best actress - I want that and nothing else.' I never would have directed. I never would have produced. I never would have done a beauty line. I would have just worried about getting a job or been frustrated that I wasn't getting the job that I wanted. I was ready to be a businesswoman.
As for everything else, so for a mathematical theory: beauty can be perceived but not explained.
I find, in being black, a thing of beauty: a joy; a strength; a secret cup of gladness.
Truth is a thing immortal and perpetual, and it gives to us a beauty that fades not away in time.
Beauty is often worse than wine; intoxicating both the holder and beholder.
Beauty and fullness of tone can be achieved by having the whole orchestra play with high clarinets and a carefully selected number of piccolos.
Well the beauty of 'Iyanla: Fix My Life' is that men are in every show. To our surprise, some of the deepest healing demonstrations have been with the men - the sons, the fathers, the husbands - because they agree to participate with the wife or the daughter or whatever it is we are looking at, and it is there.
Every man who has shown the world the way to beauty, to true culture, has been a rebel, a 'universal' without patriotism, without home, who has found his people everywhere.
Certain directors are known for a certain kind of beauty; it becomes their signature.
Women are so unforgiving of themselves. We don't recognize our own beauty because we're too busy comparing ourselves to other people.
I pretty much borrow my entire beauty regime from my mom.
Bologna is the best city in Italy for food and has the least number of tourists. With its medieval beauty, it has it all.
I never thought I was particularly good looking. But when I see old photographs, I realise that I was. I do wish I had known that at the time because beauty is power. I didn't realise how lucky I was to be young, beautiful and in Hollywood. It didn't hit me. Every day I woke up, went to the film studio and just got on with it.
And I think of that again as I've written in several of my beauty books, a lot of health comes from the proper eating habits, which are something that - you know, I come from a generation that wasn't - didn't have a lot of food.
I think there's a great beauty to having problems. That's one of the ways we learn.
The beauty of dystopia is that it lets us vicariously experience future worlds - but we still have the power to change our own.
The difference between Marilyn Monroe and the early Pamela Anderson is not that great. What's amazing is that the taste of American men and international tastes in terms of beauty have essentially stayed the same. Styles change, but our view of beauty stays the same.
When I was a freshman in high school, I read a book about the making of Disney's 'Sleeping Beauty' called 'The Art of Animation.' It was this weird revelation for me, because I hadn't considered that people actually get paid to make cartoons.
A love song must respect the canons of music beauty, entering the fibers of those who are listening. It must make them dream and pleasantly introduce them to the universe of love.
You fall into my arms. You are the good gift of destruction's path, When life sickens more than disease. And boldness is the root of beauty. Which draws us together.
Faith goes out through the window when beauty comes in at the door.
Beauty is a precious trace that eternity causes to appear to us and that it takes away from us. A manifestation of eternity, and a sign of death as well.
Do not confuse beauty with beautiful. Beautiful is a human judgment. Beauty is All. The difference is everything.
But the beauty of Einstein's equations, for example, is just as real to anyone who's experienced it as the beauty of music. We've learned in the 20th century that the equations that work have inner harmony.
We come in many different shapes and sizes, and we need to support each other and our differences. Our beauty is in our differences.
How much we need, in the church and in society, witnesses of the beauty of holiness, witnesses of the splendour of truth, witnesses of the joy and freedom born of a living relationship with Christ!
Black beauty - he's a dark horse.
I believe that true beauty of chess is more than enough to satisfy all possible demands.
Italian men do appreciate beautiful women. They're not afraid of the beauty, which is nice.
Our situation today shows that beauty demands for itself at least as much courage and decision as do truth and goodness, and she will not allow herself to be separated and banned from her two sisters without taking them along with herself in an act of mysterious vengeance.
Beauty and the devil are the same thing.
I love the game, it's the greatest game on earth, that's why I can't understand all of this talk about trying to make the game better. People talk about the high strike zone and changing this and that. Why? To speed up the game? That's the beauty of baseball. There is no time element.
I don't love Photoshop; I like imperfection. It doesn't mean ugly. I love a girl with a gap between her teeth, versus perfect white veneers. Perfection is just... boring. Perfect is what's natural or real; that is beauty.
My idea of beauty is somebody that doesn't have to try too much, someone who is effortless and fresh.
Art ought never to be considered except in its relations with its ideal beauty.
But the gravest difficulty, and perhaps the most important, in poetry meant solely for recitation, is the difficulty of achieving verbal beauty, or rather of making verbal beauty tell.
In a weird way, that's the beauty of being an actor. You get to live out things that you're afraid of, and you get to say, 'Well, maybe I can get to the end of it and survive it intact and I can be the hero of my own story.' It's kind of a way of exorcising fear.
The way in which mathematicians and physicists and historians talk is quite different, and what a physicist means by physical intuition and what a mathematician means by beauty or elegance are things worth thinking about.
I think the beauty of working with young people is they remind you of the spirit of acting and it's just a big play.
Everyday life is like programming, I guess. If you love something you can put beauty into it.
This idea that being youthful is the only thing that's beautiful or attractive simply isn't true. I don't want to be an 'ageless beauty.' I want to be a woman who is the best I can be at my age.
Some songs you get. Some songs you may not. And I think that's the beauty of art: to question and to ask, to understand the deeper meaning after two or three or four listenings.
Truth isn't always beauty, but the hunger for it is.
I love glamour and artificial beauty. I love the idea of artifice and dressing up and makeup and hair.
What is one to say about June, the time of perfect young summer, the fulfillment of the promise of the earlier months, and with as yet no sign to remind one that its fresh young beauty will ever fade.
Art is built on the deepest themes of human meaning: good and evil, beauty and ugliness, life and death, love and hate. No other story has incarnated those themes more than the story of Jesus.
I think beauty comes from within. If you're happy and look at life in the best way you can, even when there are problems, it can make you beautiful on the outside.
It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance and I know of no substitute whatever for the force and beauty of its process.
Beauty is being in harmony with what you are.
Beauty is first and foremost an emotion.
My everyday beauty routine is always rushed and pretty simple.
If you drive to, say, Shenandoah National Park, or the Great Smoky Mountains, you'll get some appreciation for the scale and beauty of the outdoors. When you walk into it, then you see it in a completely different way. You discover it in a much slower, more majestic sort of way.
You may keep your beauty and your health, unless you destroy them yourself, or discourage them to stay with you, by using them ill.
I am obsessed with beauty. I want everything to be perfect, and of course it isn't. And that's a tough place to be because you're never satisfied.
I know it sounds a bit corny, but I do think that beauty and sexiness come from within.
Part of the beauty of Judaism, and surely this is so for other faiths also, is that it gently restores control over time. Three times a day we stop what we are doing and turn to God in prayer. We recover perspective. We inhale a deep breath of eternity.
Grandeur and beauty are so very opposite, that you often diminish the one as you increase the other. Variety is most akin to the latter, simplicity to the former.
My duty is to try to reach beauty. Cinema is emotion. When you laugh you cry.
A sculptor wields The chisel, and the stricken marble grows To beauty.
I think the beauty looks I most regret are those I was persuaded into.
Every decently-made object, from a house to a lamp post to a bridge, spoon or egg cup, is not just a piece of 'stuff' but a physical embodiment of human energy, testimony to the magical ability of our species to take raw materials and turn them into things of use, value and beauty.
Art should never be limited - the beauty of art is that it gives us the freedom to go places where we wouldn't go to in our normal lives. Inside, I'm just so many different people. I go from the pretty girl on the red carpet to the singer at Ozzfest, spitting in the crowd. That's Jada.
Asian people have a unique way about them and a different sense of beauty. It's exotic to me. I like they way Asians project their feelings. There's a hardness to the culture, but at the same time there's a delicateness.
I'm only wanted by directors for the image I give off, and it makes me angry. I always wanted to be an actor and not a beauty pageant winner.
If beauty isn't genius it usually signals at least a high level of animal cunning.
I suffered from 'No one will ever fancy me!' syndrome, well into my teens. Even now I do not consider myself to be some kind of great, sexy beauty. Absolutely not.
Fear of carbs, of gluten, of everything - we've distanced ourselves from the beauty of food, the art of it. It makes me sad when people say, 'Oh, I don't eat gluten. I don't eat cheese. I don't eat this. So I eat cardboard.'
For me art and chess are closely related, both are forms in which the self finds beauty and expression.
I really like to be able to have variety and to try different things - that's the beauty of fashion.
How awful to be a perfect beauty! How confusing! God. Can you imagine?
Smart beauty is about looking your best and feeling your best and never overpaying for it.
Beauty must appeal to the senses, must provide us with immediate enjoyment, must impress us or insinuate itself into us without any effort on our part.
What is more beautiful than a sea of water with a number of white-winged boats skirting its surface? Poetry and beauty contesting with the wind and the waves!
I believe every chess player senses beauty, when he succeeds in creating situations, which contradict the expectations and the rules, and he succeeds in mastering this situation.
Art evokes emotion. It doesn't have to be a thing of beauty.
Find beauty not only in the thing itself but in the pattern of the shadows, the light and dark which that thing provides.
Now we have technology where we can modify the genomics of individuals by gene transfer and genetic meddling, we may find that people will want to modify their children, enhance their intelligence, their strength and their beauty and all the other so-called desirable characteristics.
I really believe that beauty comes from health - sensible eating and exercise.
To me, 'beauty' means to be natural, creative, honest - to say the truth.
There is no spot of ground, however arid, bare or ugly, that cannot be tamed into such a state as may give an impression of beauty and delight.
I see the beauty in boxing. It teaches me strength physically, but mostly mentally. I had to learn my strength, because for so long I could have been tougher than I was.
If you don't know your worth, if you don't know your value, if you don't know how fantabulous you are - it's going to be hard for other people to see it. Being appreciative of self is beauty to me.
I like the thought that what we are to do on this earth is embellish it for its greater beauty, so that oncoming generations can look back to the shapes we leave here and get the same thrill that I get in looking back at theirs - at the Parthenon, at Chartres Cathedral.
I'm proud that today, at 43 years old, I've come to value the aging process and focus on inner rather than outer beauty.
Beauty seen is never lost, God's colors all are fast.
The difference between utility and utility plus beauty is the difference between telephone wires and the spider web.
After a decade this glum, we deserved a shot of 'Glee,' a show that restored our faith in the power of song, the beauty of dance, and the magic of 'spirit fingers' to chase our cares and woes into somebody else's backyard.
People who grew up watching Disney films like myself, there are films that are certain benchmarks in my childhood. 'The Little Mermaid' was the first movie I remember seeing. 'Beauty And The Beast,' 'Aladdin,' those are three I remember right off the bat.
The more people explore the world, the more they realize in every country there's a different aesthetic. Beauty really is in the eye of the beholder.
The key to personal style is understanding your individual beauty enough to know which looks will work for you and which probably won't.
All my writing is about the recognition that there is no single reality. But the beauty of it is that you nevertheless go on, walking towards utopia, which may not exist, on a bridge which might end before you reach the other side.
That is my most comfortable place: close-up beauty shots! I also love to stand and speak in front of people. I can get a bit nervous while I'm speaking, but I love to touch others with my message. TV hosting with a teleprompter is also a comfort zone. I love to nail the copy quickly with the right expression and facial expression. Delivery is key!
It never seems to occur to some people, that, like beauty, a sense of humor may sometimes be fatal.
My mother is not a model. She is not perfect. That awareness is part of learning to love someone. Predicting the actions of someone is an act of love. We persist, even when we get it wrong. That's the beauty of love.
Remember always that the composer's pen is still mightier than the bow of the violinist; in you lie all the possibilities of the creation of beauty.
The flowers anew, returning seasons bring; but beauty faded has no second spring.
An aria in an opera - Handel's 'Ombra mai fu,' for example - gets along with an incredibly small number of words and ideas and a large amount of variation and repetition. That's the beauty of it. It's not taxing to the listener's intelligence because if you haven't heard it the first time round, it'll come around again.
Freedom is what beauty feels like when it can most express itself.
So far as female beauty is concerned, the Circassian women have no superiors. They have preserved in their mountain home the purity of the Grecian models, and still display the perfect physical loveliness, whose type has descended to us in the Venus de Medici.
I love my beauty. It's not my fault.
There are many pointers in the Bible concerning the rightness, the goodness, the beauty, the justice, the preciousness of racial harmony and diversity.
My theory of characterization is basically this: Put some dirt on a hero, and put some sunshine on the villain, one brush stroke of beauty on the villain.
Who knows better than artists how much ugliness there is on the way to beauty, how many ghastly, mortifying missteps, how many days of granitic blockheadedness and dismaying ineptitude there is on the way to accomplishment, how partial all accomplishment is, how incomplete?
I remember reminding myself that beauty is an opinion, not a fact. And it has always made me feel better.
Hold fast to youth and beauty.
Beauty: the adjustment of all parts proportionately so that one cannot add or subtract or change without impairing the harmony of the whole.
There will always be a desire for something new, fresh and innovative, as well as a yearning and respect for timeless elegance and beauty.
A representative is free delivery; she's a personal beauty consultant. Some people want that high touch.
For me, physical beauty is never the reason for attraction to anyone.
It's a great beauty tip, if you ever want to look five years younger, to shave off your eyebrows. It's amazing what it does. It really shaves off the years.
Beauty is but a flower, which wrinkles will devour.
No eyes that have seen beauty ever lose their sight.
Familiarity is a magician that is cruel to beauty but kind to ugliness.
Beauty lasts five minutes. Maybe longer if you have a good plastic surgeon.
It's the beauty and curse of doing a daily show. Some days you've got nothing to talk about and other days Dick Cheney shoots his lawyer in the face and everyone is happy.
The thought came to me that all one loves in art becomes beautiful. Beauty is nothing but the expression of the fact that something is being loved. Only thus could she be defined.
Beauty is the oracle that speaks to us all.
I recognize in thieves, traitors and murderers, in the ruthless and the cunning, a deep beauty - a sunken beauty.
I used to wear a lot of red lipstick, and when I got a pimple, I'd cover it up with eyeliner to turn it into a beauty mark.
We have magnificent brains, but we use a great deal of our brilliance to keep ourselves stuck and ignorant, to keep ourselves from not shining. We are so afraid of our beauty and radiance and brilliance because it scared the adults around us when we were children.
I hate the term 'arm candy.' But, look, a woman's figure is a beautiful thing, and if she has shapely legs, then she should show them off, because men love to see that. Not just heterosexual men - gay men like to see a woman in her beauty and the shape of her.
I'm not trying to stump anybody... it's the beauty of the language that I'm interested in.
The idea that happiness could have a share in beauty would be too much of a good thing.
And for me, the real world involves everything: risk, danger, beauty, energy, all we meet with in the real world.
Avon invented the concept of direct marketing and direct selling beauty. And that's still very valid to us. We'll have a firm that will be around for another 114 years as strongly as it was the first 114.
One night I'll be in Los Angeles and it'll be a Latin crowd, and then another night I'll go to Fresno and it'll be an all-black crowd. To me, that's the beauty of the music.
I feel an important part of beauty is not only what you do on the outside but also what you put into the inside. Good fresh food with many vegetables along with love and caring for others. I spend way more time serving others than I do on my beauty routine daily.
A supermodel needed to be able to be on 'Sports Illustrated,' to be able to walk runways, to be able to do beauty ads, to be on covers. And the girls now can no longer be on covers and be in the ads because your actresses have taken over all the jobs. I don't know what happened, but we want our jobs back.
I'd love to go and visit the Mosque in Mecca again, just for the sheer beauty of it, not for God - much the way a non-Catholic might go to Vatican City because of the beauty of the buildings and the artifacts.
In my 20s, as I began to travel in Europe, I found comfort in religious paintings. Even though my own belief in Catholic dogma had been shaken and weakened, I found that the beauty and the richness of the art still held me.
Well I do find the beauty in animals. I find beauty everywhere. I find beauty in my garden.
In the South America of the forties and fifties, everyone was into beauty and glamour and fashion.
The best beauty secret, besides sleep and plenty of water, is do whatever it is - before you go out, before you need to feel beautiful - do whatever makes you feel confident. If it's putting on a great dance record and rocking out in your apartment, do it. If kissing someone for 10 minutes makes you feel confident, do it.
It is curious how, from time immemorial, man seems to have associated the idea of evil with beauty, shrunk from it with a sort of ghostly fear, while, at the same time drawn to it by force of its hypnotic attraction.
What I want, when I write a poem, is no more than this: that it be preserved in some published form so that, in principle, someone, somewhere, will be able to find it and read it. That is all I need, as a poet, and that is the beauty, the luxury of my position. My lyric is mine and remains mine. Nobody can ruin it.
Jeanne Moreau, Lauren Bacall, they had this unconventional beauty, this amazing charisma.
Beauty is subjective: Bette Davis wasn't beautiful, but she was more than beautiful.
Literature isn't a moral beauty contest. Its power arises from the authority and audacity with which the impersonation is pulled off; the belief it inspires is what counts.
I hold that the perfection of form and beauty is contained in the sum of all men.
I think it's evident that expensive neighborhoods in Seattle are surrounded by natural beauty. That elevates city life. So if we can make cities more attractive in the long run, we can be smarter about issues like development, zoning and economics.
Every one who has a heart, however ignorant of architecture he may be, feels the transcendent beauty and poetry of the mediaeval churches.
I love fashion, beauty, glamour. It's the mark of civilisation.
I think true beauty comes from deep within. It can't be faked or learned; it is something that just pours out of you with zero effort.
It's not fair the emphasis put on beauty, or on sexuality.
Make-up is the last thing to enhance your beauty, but it's very important because it builds up your self-confidence and gives you more courage.
Such discussions help us very little to enjoy what has been well done in art or poetry, to discriminate between what is more and what is less excellent in them, or to use words like beauty, excellence, art, poetry, with a more precise meaning than they would otherwise have.
People see you as an object, not as a person, and they project a set of expectations onto you. People who don't have it think beauty is a blessing, but actually it sets you apart.
The game in beauty is changing so much, if your product isn't high tech or can't make a unique performance claim - plump your lips, reduce your lines, look glossy, and stay on for 24 hours - you can't go to market today. I'm not just talking about a $20 lipstick, but a $5 lipstick!
Personal beauty is a greater recommendation than any letter of reference.
I feel it is important not to get overly obsessed and overly carried away with just the physical aspect. There is more to beauty than just the physical appearance. You are also a complete person, and a woman should have an identity beyond just the way she looks.
Form follows beauty.
A few years ago I lost 30 pounds, and people still wanted to criticize. And honestly, I'm happy with myself if I'm a little heavier. I realized: 'Why am I trying to conform to someone else's idea of beauty?' I think I'm beautiful either way.
I like aristocracy. I like the beauty of aristocracy. I like the hierarchical feeling.
Even if you play perfectly, a fault of your opponent's can destroy the entire beauty of the game.
After 'Freaks and Geeks,' I dealt with several producers who wanted to cover up all my beauty marks, every single mole on my body. They tried to cover them on my first two episodes of 'Dawson's Creek,' and it just looked ridiculous, so I had to put my foot down. But it's not something I'm insecure about.
Congress has an obligation to protect our country's natural beauty, embodied in our nation's parks, rivers, and breathtaking landscapes.
Being proud of who we are as people is more important than cutting into ourselves to create this false idea of beauty.
When you are at the bottom, you find beauty in such little things, and goodness in such little gestures. When I compare any struggle today to ones that I may have had in my childhood, there is nothing that can bring me down.
Even in decline, a virtuous man increases the beauty of his behavior. A burning stick, though turned to the ground, has its flame drawn upwards.
Beauty is produced by the pleasing appearance and good taste of the whole, and by the dimensions of all the parts being duly proportioned to each other.
I have moments where I miss my old self. But I think anyone can get caught up in what we used to have. But at the same time, we can choose to focus on the beauty of now.
I'm in love with beauty and things and people and love and being in love, and those things, I think, on the inside, show on the outside.
When I was young my Father used to tell me that the two most worthwhile pursuits in life were the pursuit of truth and of beauty and I believe that Alfred Nobel must have felt much the same when he gave these prizes for literature and the sciences.
When I was going through puberty, I had all these feelings of being unstable through those years, and being uncontrollably drawn to things of beauty and things that are bad.
The real message of the Dance opens up the vistas of life to all who have the urge to express beauty with no other instrument than their own bodies, with no apparatus and no dependence on anything other than space.
I guess if you take yourself seriously as an artist there starts either the problem or the beauty of doing good artwork.
There's one more thing I want to say. It's a touchy subject. Black beauty. Black sensuality. We live in a culture where the beauty of black people isn't always as celebrated as other types. I'd like to help change that if I can!
The beauty of our democracy lies in the American value of equality: if you vote, you have a seat at the table. If you speak, you have a chance to persuade others. A billionaire and a minimum wage earner have the same power at the ballot box.
The beauty comes with the balance. Everyone should find his own balance in his personal as well as his professional life. Once you do so, you will feel and look beautiful.
Personalized beauty is about each woman being able to create her own makeup routine that complements her coloring and style.
I felt I had to share Idaho with my friend from New York because he'd shared New York with me, so I was going to share the beauty of nature with a man who went to museums and clubs late at night. But there was nothing to do where I lived at night.
The beauty of jazz is that it's malleable. People are addressing it to suit their own personalities.
One of the most beautiful passages of Rousseau is that in the sixth book of Confessions, where he describes the awakening in him of the literary sense. Of such wisdom, the poetic passion, the desire of beauty, the love of art for its own sake, has most.
Latin life is rich with warmth, family values and history. I want to bring that beauty into American homes.
Even with an improperly ground mirror, the Hubble delivered extraordinary images. When the flaw was corrected, the Hubble delivered images of transcendent beauty and value for many years. So too 'Terra Nova.' Even in its flawed first season, each episode was full of marvelous moments and beautiful images.
I don't believe in one ideal beauty.
Women's behavior in handling beauty, even before feminism, was to deny they had any. Don't hate me because I'm beautiful.
We need a balanced, long term energy policy to reduce our dependence on foreign oil and preserve the beauty of the land we love.
Truth is, I cut my hair for freedom, not for beauty.
The beauty of doing film is that you construct whatever you do block by block and you can build something that will stay.
The arts, quite simply, nourish the soul. They sustain, comfort, inspire. There is nothing like that exquisite moment when you first discover the beauty of connecting with others in celebration of larger ideals and shared wisdom.
Fashion is quite inclusive and good at embracing different things and different forms of beauty. It's a very liberal industry. You can be yourself. Just not overweight.
My dream is that people will find a way back home, into their bodies, to connect with the earth, to connect with each other, to connect with the poor, to connect with the broken, to connect with the needy, to connect with people calling out all around us, to connect with the beauty, poetry, the wildness.
Beauty, the eternal Spouse of the Wisdom of God and Angel of his Presence thru' all creation.
I think one of the things that language poets are very involved with is getting away from conventional ideas of beauty, because those ideas contain a certain attitude toward women, certain attitudes toward sex, certain attitudes toward race, etc.
Never once does 'Snow White' herself look in the mirror so she isn't aware of her beauty or what apparently that does to people. It's really just the queen and the prince that talk about it.
The leading edge in evidence presentation is in science; the leading edge in beauty is in high art.
When you study a dog you love, you find beauty in every small detail, and so it is with Lucille: I have become enchanted by the small asymmetrical whorls of white fur on either side of her chest, and by her tail, which she carries in a high confident curve, and by her eyes, which are watchful and intelligent, the color of chestnuts.
The thing we often forget to talk about, or perhaps we take for granted, is our country's dazzling beauty. Our natural environment is so much a part of Australia's art, writing, music and culture, both indigenous and non indigenous.
We tell them that we believe it will be beautiful because that is our specialty, we only create joy and beauty. We have never done a sad work. Through the drawings, we hope a majority will be able to visualize it.
I'm a great believer in the beauty and the power of surprise.
Turkey was fantastic, Turkey was, like, mystical and such a special place. Just unique, something that's really hard to describe, such beauty, those mountains and the stone is kind of, eroded? Special erosion which makes what you see just something that seems, it's been made for a movie, it's like something out of fantasy, except it's real.
I think the chance of finding beauty is higher if you don't work on it directly. Beauty in architecture is driven by practicality. This is what you learn from studying the old townscapes of the Swiss farmers.
We all find joy and radiance and a reason to move on even in the most dire of circumstances. Even in chaos and madness, there's still a beauty that comes from just the vibrancy of another human spirit.
Personality is more important than beauty, but imagination is more important than both of them.
I was always interested in fashion and beauty. I was fifteen when I was scouted in a flea market. Two years later, I arrived in New York. I was in awe because it was like another planet.
As a busy working mom I'm always pressed for time, so a quick and easy beauty routine is key!
I think that the biggest beauty essential is as simple as a good, full night's sleep.
An image of the Earth, its landscapes, directly affects people. The beauty of the Earth creates enormous emotion, and through that emotion, you can transmit knowledge and raise consciousness.
That's the beauty of coaching. You get to touch lives, you get to make a difference. You get to do things for people who will never pay you back and they say you never have had a perfect day until you've done something for someone who will never pay you back.
Listening to my regular favourites - Mozart, Beethoven, Brahms and so on - I always feel, quite misguidedly, that nothing can be too bad if such beauty and brilliance exists in the world.
I never in a million years thought I would be the person to go to for self-esteem; that was not my intent. But I happen to love beauty, I love the way people look, and I love making women look beautiful.
The sport of horse racing which, at its best, showcases the majestic beauty of this animal and the athleticism of jockeys, has reached an alarming level of corruption and exploitation.
A painstaking course in qualitative and quantitative analysis by John Wing gave me an appreciation of the need for, and beauty of, accurate measurement.
I'm a drugstore beauty girl, I love going to the drugstore and buying makeup.
My favourite animal is the koala, but his life would be boring. I would rather be a giraffe so that I could contemplate the beauty of Africa.
Genetics is all about showcasing human beauty along with high-quality performance.
Set your compass to beauty, humor, and grief; stay the course no matter what, and I'll support you with everything I've got.
For me beauty is valued more than anything - the beauty that is manifest in a curved line or in an act of creativity.
The beauty about living in Atlanta is that there aren't too many paparazzi here; you can just relax. And that really works for me and my children.
The privilege I've had as a curator is not just the discovery of new works... but what I've discovered about myself and what I can offer in the space of an exhibition - to talk about beauty, to talk about power, to talk about ourselves, and to talk and speak to each other.
My mom was an aesthetician and she went to beauty school back in the '60s. I just remember watching her do her makeup all the time. She always had her nails done, makeup on - her face was ready to go when she went out. I loved it.
One of my favorite beauty products is Vincent Longo Water Canvas creamy blush. I have it in every color and I've been using it for 5 years and that's all I put on when I leave the house. It looks so natural I just put a little bit on my cheeks to give them some color.
I know no subject more elevating, more amazing, more ready to the poetical enthusiasm, the philosophical reflection, and the moral sentiment than the works of nature. Where can we meet such variety, such beauty, such magnificence?
It's harder, but we're still finding oil in Oklahoma today. The bar has been raised on startup companies, but it can still be done. Every regulation and every rule limits you, but, yes, it can still be done. That's the beauty of living in a free country and having the freedom to have an idea and become an entrepreneur.
Conservation is key to preserving many of the world's natural beauty spots, so do your best to help by keeping to designated footpaths and being a discerning souvenir collector.
Plastic surgery can't make you younger or more beautiful, because beauty is in your eyes, isn't it? It's in your soul; you can't strap it on.
In things to be seen at once, much variety makes confusion, another vice of beauty. In things that are not seen at once, and have no respect one to another, great variety is commendable, provided this variety transgress not the rules of optics and geometry.
We had common interests in the beauty of the French language. We both had a tremendous love of jazz. We shared dreams of getting married and having a family, living in the country, leading an idyllic life.
The beauty of a main title is that you establish your main theme and maybe a bit of your secondary theme. You plant the seed that you're going to go water later in the score. And so, having that removed just made it so much more difficult.
I'm very proud of my love for Whitney Houston. She really changed my life. She made my life a better life. She was so beautiful in her love for God, her love for her family and her love for music. She truly loved her music. She could do everything! She had flawless rhythm, flawless pitch, flawless feeling, and flawless beauty.
Beauty is in the character of a person. It's about having an interesting face and about what's inside. Anyone can take a good picture.
I do like beauty, but an older woman can be beautiful and a clever woman is beautiful because that beauty shines through.
I've backpacked to countries like Italy and Turkey and observed beautiful scenery, but then I realized that beauty was always very close to me. It is here in Belitung Island, where the rivers, beaches and the terrain captivate my attention most.
I say to the young, be happy that you were born in Italy because of the beauty of the human capital, both masculine and feminine, of this country... No other country has such human capital.
Mathematics has beauty and romance. It's not a boring place to be, the mathematical world. It's an extraordinary place; it's worth spending time there.
I was very sensitive. I liked everything that touched fantasy and beauty. I dreamed of being a ballerina, but Mother said I was too big, too long.
We Orientals find beauty not only in the thing itself but in the pattern of the shadows, the light and darkness which that thing provides.
And beauty immortal awakes from the tomb.
What I loved about 'Summer' was that they were these four bright kids with a wonderful future. In a way, she was the one with the brains, and then you have the beauty queen and the jock and the introvert.
We were astonished by the beauty and refinement of the art displayed by the objects surpassing all we could have imagined - the impression was overwhelming.
Through my optimism I naturally prefer and capture the beauty in life.
I just want to continue to break barriers and to show the industry and the world that beauty is diverse, and you don't have to be a certain stereotype to be beautiful.
Oh! this opponent, this collaborator against your will, whose notion of beauty always differs from yours and whose means are often too limited for active assistance to your intentions!
The beauty of a face is not a separate quality but a relation or proportion of qualities to each other.
I maintain my inner beauty by trying to lead a balanced life in general. I try to eat healthy foods, but... that doesn't mean I won't treat myself now and then! I work out almost every day, which gives me more energy and helps me feel stronger. I also try to be a genuinely good person to the people around me.
The beauty of the past belongs to the past.
Rich men's houses are seldom beautiful, rarely comfortable, and never original. It is a constant source of surprise to people of moderate means to observe how little a big fortune contributes to Beauty.
Beauty is altogether in the eye of the beholder.
My work is about the underbelly of the beauty of nature - and the dark side of nature is its indifference. Nature isn't friendly, nor is it unfriendly - it's the perfect embodiment of the Other.
Stories aren't the beauty of what did happen. They're the beauty of what could happen.
I'm not a party animal; I took my job as Miss USA very seriously... Sometimes, of course, I want to let it all go. Even though I'm a beauty queen, you're also an unofficial ambassador, and there's a lot of pressure.
The cottage garden; most for use designed, Yet not of beauty destitute.
I always say beauty is only sin deep.
I think there are very few people who have a real style, a real personality, and real beauty.
You can take no credit for beauty at sixteen. But if you are beautiful at sixty, it will be your own soul's doing.
I was never forced to go to church, and there is a lot of beauty in Christianity that I take in my life as a gift, and there is a lot of beauty in other religions. I'm kind of a spiritual mutt.
Far from creating a new formalism, what these can yield is something far transcending surface values since they not only embody form as beauty, but also form in which intuitions or ideas or conjectures have taken visible substance.
If you've ever noticed, beauty pageants are a lot like county fairs. The farmers show the cows the same way. They walk their prized Jersey cow across a stage in front of an audience with judges, and maybe the cow even twirls around a couple of times. Then the winning cow gets a satin ribbon draped over it, which has the title and the year on it.
I made most of my living doing beauty, because I was never really the fashion person.
I have a fantastic wife, and not only in terms of external beauty. Her priority and mine is our children. That is our choice.
Literature boils with the madcap careers of writers brought to the edge by the demands of living on their nerves, wringing out their memories and their nightmares to extract meaning, truth, beauty.
Jazz is a very democratic musical form. It comes out of a communal experience. We take our respective instruments and collectively create a thing of beauty.
'Beauty Queen' is the weirdest, strangest, and most perfect play to do before 'Hedda Gabler', because there are so many similar issues for Maureen and Hedda. I had played leading ladies before but couldn't really hook into them. After 'An American Daughter' and 'Beauty Queen', I had all the ballast.
Violence can be very grotesque and also intensely attractive. What interests me is how the two - beauty and violence - live side by side, and how moments can be created and erased almost simultaneously. Destruction is painful, but at times it can be very cathartic.
As we grow old, the beauty steals inward.
The beauty of democracy is that an average, random, unremarkable citizen can lead it.
At fifteen, beauty and talent do not exist; there can only be promise of the coming woman.
To give pain is the tyranny; to make happy, the true empire of beauty.
With a great poet the sense of Beauty overcomes every other consideration, or rather obliterates all consideration.
Beauty ought to look a little surprised: it is the emotion that best suits her face. The beauty who does not look surprised, who accepts her position as her due - she reminds us too much of a prima donna.
Everybody know, I don't do no promoting. I don't ever have to promote nothing, that's the beauty of Lil Wayne.
Beauty is desired in order that it may be befouled; not for its own sake, but for the joy brought by the certainty of profaning it.
Seek goodness and be goodness. Seek beauty and be beauty. Seek love and be love.
I was always reading those beauty magazines and wanting to become this unattainable thing.
Who would not give up wit for power and beauty?
Beauty attracts us men; but if, like an armed magnet it is pointed, beside, with gold and silver, it attracts with tenfold power.
The study of beauty is a duel in which the artist cries with terror before being defeated.
Beauty is the sole ambition, the exclusive goal of Taste.
There are as many kinds of beauty as there are habitual ways of seeking happiness.
In such ugly times, the only true protest is beauty.
Whenever, at a party, I have been in the mood to study fools, I have always looked for a great beauty: they always gather round her like flies around a fruit stall.
Accuracy is, in every case, advantageous to beauty, and just reasoning to delicate sentiment. In vain would we exalt the one by depreciating the other.
Beauty in art is often nothing but ugliness subdued.
Oh who can tell the range of joy or set the bounds of beauty?
The only rich person is a person who is rich in spirit. I have no money deposit. I have only beauty deposit.
What matters poverty? What matters anything to him who is enamoured of our art? Does he not carry in himself every joy and every beauty?
I've never had any illusions about being a lead actor in films, because lead actors have to be of a certain kind. Apart from the beauty of looks and figure, which I cannot claim to have, there's just a particular kind of ordinary-Joe quality that a film star needs to have.
There is no racial or ethnic involvement in Thanksgiving, and people who may be very distant from the Christian system can see the beauty and the positive spirit that comes from the holiday.
The human soul needs actual beauty more than bread.
In art economy is always beauty.
The fear of this delicate and fierce feminine has more to do with our fear of being vulnerable again, getting hurt again, than it does by our actual distaste for the beauty of the feminine and Her qualities.
Younger women have no problem in reconciling beauty with ambitions as a professional woman.
I do not know which to prefer, The beauty of inflections, Or the beauty of innuendoes, The blackbird whistling, Or just after.
I have girls who are concerned about how they look compared to models or what have you. It's my responsibility to teach them that beauty is more than superficial.
No matter what a woman's appearance may be, it will be used to undermine what she is saying and taken to individualize - as her personal problem - observations she makes about the beauty myth in society.
The proud depend upon the world to tell them whether they have value or not. Their self-esteem is determined by where they are judged to be on the ladders of worldly success. They feel worthwhile as individuals if the numbers beneath them in achievement, talent, beauty, or intellect are large enough.
Do not try to push your way through to the front ranks of your profession; do not run after distinctions and rewards; but do your utmost to find an entry into the world of beauty.
Most women are dissatisfied with their appearance - it's the stuff that fuels the beauty and fashion industries.
I mean, no one asks beauty secrets of me, or 'What size do you wear?' or 'Who's your couturier?' They ask me about really deep things and I love that.
Beauty is an outward gift which is seldom despised, except by those to whom it has been refused.
The first show I ever did, singing and dancing, was 'Beauty and the Beast.' I was playing Gaston. Gaston has red tights, knee high boots, and it's very physical. I had headaches every day for two months.
I shall give you hunger, and pain, and sleepless nights. Also beauty, and satisfactions known to few, and glimpses of the heavenly life. None of these you shall have continually, and of their coming and going you shall not be foretold.
I want, of course, peace, grace, and beauty. How do you do that? You work for it.
I think beauty can be everywhere.
I'm not bad-looking, but I'm not a beauty, either.
I have a lot to say about fashion - not just about fashion, but beauty, art.
Beauty products always cheer me up and give me hope. If it makes you feel pretty, why not?
There is little premium in poetry in a world that thinks of Pound and Whitman as a weight and a sampler, not an Ezra, a Walt, a thing of beauty, a joy forever.
Because, if one is writing novels today, concentrating on the beauty of the prose is right up there with concentrating on your semi-colons, for wasted effort.
The truth is, I just don't have the drive to be the prettiest and the thinnest. I can be happy for other people for their beauty.
I love beauty. But I like the beauty accidentally, not dished up, served up on a platter.
The 1990s, after the reign of terror of academic vandalism, will be a decade of restoration: restoration of meaning, value, beauty, pleasure, and emotion to art and restoration of art to its audience.
The beautiful seems right by force of beauty and the feeble wrong because of weakness.
My music has to do with beauty, and it's intended to, if not lift the spirits, then be a kind of a balm to the spirits.
I think everybody should focus on inner beauty.
When I look at the majority of my own songs they really came from my own sense of personal confusion or need to express some pain or beauty - they were coming from a universal and personal place.
Solitude gives birth to the original in us, to beauty unfamiliar and perilous - to poetry. But also, it gives birth to the opposite: to the perverse, the illicit, the absurd.
Beyond the beauty, the sex, the titillation, the surface, there is a human being. And that has to emerge.
Beauty is not just physical.
Well I've written four beauty books as well.
The ideal has many names, and beauty is but one of them.
'The Rime of the Ancient Mariner' had a formative effect on me. I think it's one of those works that if you encounter it very early you're doubly enchanted by the beauty of the language and the strangeness of the vision. It stays with you.
I don't get anything for free. I pay for all my beauty treatments.
He was afflicted by the thought that where Beauty was, nothing ever ran quite straight, which no doubt, was why so many people looked on it as immoral.
The beauty we love is very silent. It smiles softly to itself, but never speaks.
Just because you are blind and unable to see my beauty doesn't mean it does not exist.
My hearing has suffered seriously; just now I am obliged to have the assistance of an ear trumpet. Think of that, my beauty! - There 's a state for your old Lover to be in! - No more tender whisperings! Imagine sweet confessions to be made through an ear trumpet!
The band Grizzly Bear, I think they're excellent. There's a beauty and a musicality there that I wish would have been in vogue in the late '80s, when I was forming bands.
I didn't have any confidence in my beauty when I was young. I felt like a character actress, and I still do.
What sort of sap doesn't know by now that picture-perfect beauty is all done with smoke and mirrors anyway?
Beauty opened all the doors; it got me things I didn't even know I wanted, and things I certainly didn't deserve.
When I go away to do a movie, I bring the blanket I've had since I was a little girl. It helps me sleep. I also always bring my laptop so I can E-mail friends. And I bring my dog, Beauty, wherever I can.
A lot of people have no access to beauty. When I was growing up, my mother had only a few pretty things to look at.
I've actually spent a lot of time researching beauty products, how they are produced and how they are sold.
I thought to be feminine was to give in to straight culture, or the beauty standard, but in my heart I had a flair for fashion and style. They were passions I kept secret because I didn't understand I could love clothes and hair and makeup and still like girls.
The seventies is what I love. Soft, touchable beauty is what I love.
If today I have to make a political statement, it is, 'I love beauty.' I think beauty makes people better.
Mother liked beauty wherever she found it, and she found it in many different places, both in nature and in contemporary art. And that's where they pretty much parted company. Father... anything that was abstract would to him automatically be not very good.
I watched Muhammad Ali, how when he would speak, how it was such a thing of beauty. It sounded so wonderful. And I wanted to be like him.
Bracketing has turned all my experiences, remembered and present, into a gallery of miracles where I wander around dazzled by the beauty of events I cannot explain.
Endeavour to be faithful, and if there is any beauty in your thought, your style will be beautiful; if there is any real emotion to express, the expression will be moving.
A special kind of beauty exists which is born in language, of language, and for language.
Thankfully, beauty is easier to remove than apply, and a swipe of demaquillage in the right direction and you are you once again.
I think we have become obsessed with beauty and personally I'm really saddened by the way women mutilate their faces today in search of that.
I know I'm not a woman's fantasy man; I don't have to uphold this image of male beauty, so that's kind of a relief in a way.
What is beautiful enchants me. I mean not just physical beauty but a wider concept of beauty. There is beauty in poetry and in great musical or singing performances. There is beauty everywhere if you can just see it.
I really like where Tony Robbins says that we're all hypnotized to see beauty this one specific way, and it's true.
I'm very accepting with my age. It's like notches on your belt: experience, wisdom, and a different kind of beauty. There comes a day when you've become comfortable in your skin.
I am very much against makeup and high heels and all that we inherit as 'beauty.'
As a mom, I don't have much time for beauty.
What is certain is that singing is not merely modulating a song by means of the voice: we sing and we celebrate the beauty that we can grow and live every day. If you want to sing and give emotions to those who are listening, you must have something to tell through your singing; you have to use singing like an instrument to tell something.
With guys I revere, like Marcus Garvey or Malcolm X, their look is less about style than purpose and the expression of beauty. It wasn't just about being noticed, you know?
Beauty can come in strange forms.
She gave up beauty in her tender youth, gave all her hope and joy and pleasant ways; she covered up her eyes lest they should gaze on vanity, and chose the bitter truth.
Wigs have always been a part of my life and have become a staple accessory in my closet. I can remember being a little girl and hearing all the commotion in my house from my mom, aunts and grandmother when picking out their wigs for the day. It was such a good time for them and part of their everyday beauty routine.
A lot of directors idealize their leading ladies or turn them into these objects of sexuality and beauty.
Let's just say beauty inspires me. But I like all beauty - I think it really comes from the inside out.
Like the diminishing beauty returns for a facially paralyzed Botox addict, the more forcefully we attempt to stop the passage of time, the less available we are to the very moment we seek to preserve.
Shame, like beauty, is often in the eye of the beholder.
Surely being a Professional Beauty - let alone an ageing one - is one of the most insecure and doomed careers imaginable.
All things are perceived in the light of charity, and hence under the aspect of beauty; for beauty is simply reality seen with the eyes of love.
But I think it is a serious issue to wonder about the other platonic absolutes of say beauty and morality.
People tend not to use this word beauty because it's not intellectual - but there has to be an overlap between beauty and intellect.
Beauty can't amuse you, but brainwork - reading, writing, thinking - can.
There's a sadness to the human condition that I think music is good for. It gives a counterpoint to the visual beauty, and adds depth to pictures that they wouldn't have if the music wasn't there.
Often, the roles I'm offered in England are melancholic women who are filled with regret for the past, regret for their fading beauty.
When you really put your heart in the work, you don't think of how you look. And I think that's the beauty of it.
We make such terrible mistakes with visual choices about beauty.
The truth of the matter is, beauty is a specific thing, rare and fleeting. Some of us have it in our teens, 20s and 30s and then lose it; most of us have it not at all. And that's perfectly okay. But lying to yourself that you have it when you don't seems to me simple-minded at best and psychotic at worst.
These women whose antics we smirk at good-naturedly in the pap-traps put themselves out there at least partly on their beauty; they are in showbiz, and showing what they've got is part of their business as much as it is for male show-ponies from the Chippendales to George Clooney.
There's design, and there's art. Good design is total harmony. There's no better designer than nature - if you look at a branch or a leaf, it's perfect. It's all function. Art is different. It's about emotion. It's about suffering and beauty - but mostly suffering!
I thought it might be a good move to get into a beauty contest so I tried for Miss Pennsylvania and won. I think that helped me get noticed, at least by the people of Pennsylvania.
It's such a diversion to be constantly thinking of better ways I can teach people math that my hunger is for that really, for new ways of translating the beauty of it.
People don't associate red hair, pale skin, and freckles with beauty.
Hollywood needs to recognise all shades of African American beauty.
I think if I wasn't a singer I'd probably do make-up and beauty and hair and something creative like styling; I really enjoy it.
For, when with beauty we can virtue join, We paint the semblance of a form divine.
Alas, nothing reveals man the way war does. Nothing so accentuates in him the beauty and ugliness, the intelligence and foolishness, the brutishness and humanity, the courage and cowardice, the enigma.
They saw me, those reckless seekers of beauty, and in a night I was famous.
There's a beauty in being part of a band, when there's equality and trust.
When girls feel bad about their looks, 60 percent avoid normal daily activities like raising their hand in class or even going to the doctor. That means that girls do not show up for life when they don't feel good enough or pretty enough. A role model can help girls see beauty as a source of confidence, not anxiety.
I like creating beauty out of scary things.
I longed to arrest all beauty that came before me, and at length the longing has been satisfied.
I grew up in a family where we weren't allowed to talk about beauty or to put any emphasis on physical appearance.
I've always thought of beauty therapy, 'alternative' treatments and the like as the female equivalent of brothels - for essentially self-deceiving people who feel a bit hollow and have to pay to be touched.
Well, I've never looked upon myself as being a beauty, per se.
This is the artist, then, life's hungry man, the glutton of eternity, beauty's miser, glory's slave.
What is sacred among one people may be ridiculous in another; and what is despised or rejected by one cultural group, may in a different environment become the cornerstone for a great edifice of strange grandeur and beauty.
When you come up with a theory, you fall in love with the beauty the simplicity and elegance of it. But then you have to get a sheet of paper and pencil and crack out all the details. Hundreds and hundreds of pages. Because you have to prove it.
Doors open because you're beautiful, but I wouldn't cultivate beauty to the exclusion of brains.
For me, a page of good prose is where one hears the rain and the noise of battle. It has the power to give grief or universality that lends it a youthful beauty.
Beauty, pleasure, freedom and plenty of sleep: these are the hallmarks of a successful idler's break. Travel should not be hard work.
If you see a Renaissance body, this is completely ugly in this time. Everybody has to be skinny. But the Renaissance body with incredible flow of the meat everywhere, it was beauty.
I would say Will came at a time in my life where he saw beauty in me that I didn't see in myself at the time. And, you know, he saw a diamond in the rough and kind of, picked me up and blew off all the dust and said, 'I'm telling you, I'm going to make you shine, girl.'
Not longer loved or fostered by religion, beauty is lifted from its face as a mask, and its absence exposes features on that face which threaten to become incomprehensible to man.
What I find most upsetting about this new all-consuming beauty culture is that the obsession with good looks, and how you can supposedly attain them, is almost entirely female-driven.
But every great scripture, whether Hebrew, Indian, Persian, or Chinese, apart from its religious value will be found to have some rare and special beauty of its own; and in this respect the original Bible stands very high as a monument of sublime poetry and of artistic prose.
The beauty about the D-list is that people who are on it probably don't know they are.
I'm not one of those women who thinks beauty is a curse.
Why is it that scuba divers and surfers are some of the strongest advocates of ocean conservation? Because they've spent time in and around the ocean, and they've personally seen the beauty, the fragility, and even the degradation of our planet's blue heart.
You can't possibly fathom the ins and outs of a prepubescent beauty treatment until you've felt the strange but exhilarating tingle of a cottage-cheese-and-Pop-Rocks facial.
It took a long while for me to know that I'm beautiful. I remember going through this phase when I was younger of wanting to pass by mirrors and not look at them. That was so ridiculous. I've learned now that beauty starts from within.
The pattern of a newspaperman's life is like the plot of 'Black Beauty.' Sometimes he finds a kind master who gives him a dry stall and an occasional bran mash in the form of a Christmas bonus, sometimes he falls into the hands of a mean owner who drives him in spite of spavins and expects him to live on potato peelings.
The notion of the infinite variety of detail and the multiplicity of forms is a pleasing one; in complexity are the fringes of beauty, and in variety are generosity and exuberance.
Beauty of expression is so akin to the voice of the sea.
I'm interested in time, fame, death, beauty, truth, all those things.
As Ralph's character begins to discover the political thriller aspect of the film, he falls deeper in love with his wife, so the two run together. That's the beauty of this film. It has fast pace and excitement, but it also has heart and soul.
The very definition of 'beauty' is outside.
My wife has brought great beauty into my life. And my daughter has brought me nothing but joy. Those qualities were greatly lacking.
That brings me to Dennis Ritchie. Our collaboration has been a thing of beauty.
I am concerned about ageism and the loss of beauty - the perception that as you grow older, you 'lose your looks,' which I think is diabolical.
Lila can't be a model until she's at least 21. She is already a mini-me - it is scary. She already has her own beauty kit.
I like the idea of accessibility, coming from a lower-middle-class background myself, I feel like beauty and products should be accessible to all women over the world.
Her beauty didn't do her any good and she couldn't use it in any positive way or manipulative way. I just hope that people will look and see and believe in that hope of love, that hope of freedom, even if it was just for a limited time.
Every performance is different. That's the beauty of it.
Beauty is only skin deep, and the world is full of thin skinned people.
Growing up, I was obsessed with Disney movies like 'The Little Mermaid,' 'Aladdin' and 'Beauty And The Beast.' I was always singing the songs from these movies, so to find myself in the studio with Alan Menken was an amazing experience. In fact, it was a dream come true.
I was never an ambitious girl, or even a self-confident one. I never went in for beauty pageants or wore a stitch of make-up until I went to Los Angeles.
Everything in nature has its own intrinsic charm, as the work of its Creator's hand; but the chief beauty of the whole lies in its suggested relations to humanity. Things announce and wait for persons. The house would not have been thus beautifully built and furnished, except for an expected tenant.
Actually, when I'm not filming a movie, my beauty approach is really natural - I prefer a bare face that looks really healthy and dewy.
I'm very low-maintenance when it comes to my beauty routine.
What's amazing is that the taste of American men and international tastes in terms of beauty have essentially stayed the same. Styles change, but our view of beauty stays the same.
You get more churches burned down in the United States in the last two years than in the last hundred, because of the lack of understanding of culture and diversity and the beauty of it.
So every creative act strives to attain an absolute status; it longs to create a world of beauty to triumph over chaos and convert it to order.
My mother never put an emphasis on looks. She let us grow up on our own time line. She never forced any beauty regimen into my world.
The beauty of a strong, lasting commitment is often best understood by men incapable of it.
Oh, I had, 'No one will ever fancy me!' I had that well into my teens. Even now I do not consider myself to be some kind of great, sexy beauty. I don't mind the way I'm ageing. No reason to panic just yet. I think I look my age, and that's fine.
Beauty is health. Health is beauty.
Nothing can atone for the lack of modesty; without which beauty is ungraceful and wit detestable.
In terms of television and movies, I've been really interested in seeing the partnership of comedy and beauty and heart. I think they can go together really well and really thoughtfully. But, I'm a total one-hour drama addict. I think when you're a comedian, you tend towards dramas because that's the less stressful thing to watch.
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is.
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
I have decided to stick with love. Hate is too great a burden to bear.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
Immature love says: 'I love you because I need you.' Mature love says 'I need you because I love you.'
Where there is love there is life.
Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives.
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge.
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
I have found the paradox, that if you love until it hurts, there can be no more hurt, only more love.
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love.
Love does not begin and end the way we seem to think it does. Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up.
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
A man reserves his true and deepest love not for the species of woman in whose company he finds himself electrified and enkindled, but for that one in whose company he may feel tenderly drowsy.
Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do... but how much love we put in that action.
A flower cannot blossom without sunshine, and man cannot live without love.
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
A man is already halfway in love with any woman who listens to him.
A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea.
Do all things with love.
We love life, not because we are used to living but because we are used to loving.
Love is a force more formidable than any other. It is invisible - it cannot be seen or measured, yet it is powerful enough to transform you in a moment, and offer you more joy than any material possession could.
Time is too slow for those who wait, too swift for those who fear, too long for those who grieve, too short for those who rejoice, but for those who love, time is eternity.
The first duty of love is to listen.
I was born with an enormous need for affection, and a terrible need to give it.
Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.
Love is a better teacher than duty.
Love is like war: easy to begin but very hard to stop.
The hunger for love is much more difficult to remove than the hunger for bread.
What we have once enjoyed we can never lose. All that we love deeply becomes a part of us.
Love is always bestowed as a gift - freely, willingly and without expectation. We don't love to be loved; we love to love.
Love makes your soul crawl out from its hiding place.
Absence diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones, as the wind extinguishes candles and fans fires.
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own.
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
Love is life. And if you miss love, you miss life.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
The best proof of love is trust.
Love isn't something you find. Love is something that finds you.
Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy.
As soon go kindle fire with snow, as seek to quench the fire of love with words.
Life without love is like a tree without blossoms or fruit.
To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance.
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never.
Love is a game that two can play and both win.
We loved with a love that was more than love.
Love can sometimes be magic. But magic can sometimes... just be an illusion.
Once the realization is accepted that even between the closest human beings infinite distances continue, a wonderful living side by side can grow, if they succeed in loving the distance between them which makes it possible for each to see the other whole against the sky.
The art of love is largely the art of persistence.
The greatest happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves, or rather, loved in spite of ourselves.
A pair of powerful spectacles has sometimes sufficed to cure a person in love.
True love is like ghosts, which everyone talks about and few have seen.
I like not only to be loved, but also to be told I am loved.
A part of kindness consists in loving people more than they deserve.
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired.
Who, being loved, is poor?
Love does not consist in gazing at each other, but in looking outward together in the same direction.
A very small degree of hope is sufficient to cause the birth of love.
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity.
Love is the flower you've got to let grow.
The giving of love is an education in itself.
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses.
The way to love anything is to realize that it may be lost.
A loving heart is the truest wisdom.
A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another.
All my life, my heart has yearned for a thing I cannot name.
Everything is clearer when you're in love.
I can live without money, but I cannot live without love.
Love is the triumph of imagination over intelligence.
You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back.
We need 4 hugs a day for survival. We need 8 hugs a day for maintenance. We need 12 hugs a day for growth.
Don't brood. Get on with living and loving. You don't have forever.
All mankind love a lover.
The hours I spend with you I look upon as sort of a perfumed garden, a dim twilight, and a fountain singing to it. You and you alone make me feel that I am alive. Other men it is said have seen angels, but I have seen thee and thou art enough.
Someday, after mastering the winds, the waves, the tides and gravity, we shall harness for God the energies of love, and then, for a second time in the history of the world, man will have discovered fire.
Love is a friendship set to music.
Love possesses not nor will it be possessed, for love is sufficient unto love.
Love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well.
The one thing we can never get enough of is love. And the one thing we never give enough is love.
Love... it surrounds every being and extends slowly to embrace all that shall be.
For small creatures such as we the vastness is bearable only through love.
If you would be loved, love, and be loveable.
There is no remedy for love but to love more.
To say 'I love you' one must first be able to say the 'I.'
The moment you have in your heart this extraordinary thing called love and feel the depth, the delight, the ecstasy of it, you will discover that for you the world is transformed.
One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.
All love shifts and changes. I don't know if you can be wholeheartedly in love all the time.
Love is the only reality and it is not a mere sentiment. It is the ultimate truth that lies at the heart of creation.
You will find as you look back upon your life that the moments when you have truly lived are the moments when you have done things in the spirit of love.
Love is the beauty of the soul.
If you wish to be loved, show more of your faults than your virtues.
I was about half in love with her by the time we sat down. That's the thing about girls. Every time they do something pretty... you fall half in love with them, and then you never know where the hell you are.
Love does not dominate; it cultivates.
Only do what your heart tells you.
Love is the joy of the good, the wonder of the wise, the amazement of the Gods.
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death.
I love that feeling of being in love, the effect of having butterflies when you wake up in the morning. That is special.
The more one judges, the less one loves.
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.
Love knows not distance; it hath no continent; its eyes are for the stars.
Before I met my husband, I'd never fallen in love. I'd stepped in it a few times.
The love we give away is the only love we keep.
It is sad not to love, but it is much sadder not to be able to love.
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else.
What love we've given, we'll have forever. What love we fail to give, will be lost for all eternity.
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination.
If you want to be loved, be lovable.
When love is not madness, it is not love.
It's useless to hold a person to anything he says while he's in love, drunk, or running for office.
Love takes off masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.
You can give without loving, but you can never love without giving.
Love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence.
Love is being stupid together.
Bitterness imprisons life; love releases it.
Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself.
Blessed is the influence of one true, loving human soul on another.
In love the paradox occurs that two beings become one and yet remain two.
We can only learn to love by loving.
To love another person is to see the face of God.
It is difficult to know at what moment love begins; it is less difficult to know that it has begun.
People think love is an emotion. Love is good sense.
The only abnormality is the incapacity to love.
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.
Love consists in this, that two solitudes protect and touch and greet each other.
Life is the flower for which love is the honey.
Love is supreme and unconditional; like is nice but limited.
Love is the greatest refreshment in life.
There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not.
Lord, grant that I might not so much seek to be loved as to love.
Absence - that common cure of love.
Love doesn't make the world go 'round. Love is what makes the ride worthwhile.
How absurd and delicious it is to be in love with somebody younger than yourself. Everybody should try it.
Be of love a little more careful than of anything.
There is a woman at the begining of all great things.
Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.
The sweetest of all sounds is that of the voice of the woman we love.
The degree of loving is measured by the degree of giving.
Gestures, in love, are incomparably more attractive, effective and valuable than words.
A kiss is a rosy dot over the 'i' of loving.
If you can learn to love yourself and all the flaws, you can love other people so much better. And that makes you so happy.
If you wished to be loved, love.
Tell me who admires and loves you, and I will tell you who you are.
When we are in love we seem to ourselves quite different from what we were before.
Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others, and the delight in the recognition.
Love has no age, no limit; and no death.
Choose your love, Love your choice.
Sometimes it's a form of love just to talk to somebody that you have nothing in common with and still be fascinated by their presence.
Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
True love comes quietly, without banners or flashing lights. If you hear bells, get your ears checked.
Love is my religion - I could die for it.
Love is the hardest habit to break, and the most difficult to satisfy.
I believe in the compelling power of love. I do not understand it. I believe it to be the most fragrant blossom of all this thorny existence.
There is only one kind of love, but there are a thousand imitations.
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.
Love is the delusion that one woman differs from another.
Love in its essence is spiritual fire.
The way to know life is to love many things.
To witness two lovers is a spectacle for the gods.
As the Father has loved me, so have I loved you.
There isn't any formula or method. You learn to love by loving - by paying attention and doing what one thereby discovers has to be done.
Love takes up where knowledge leaves off.
Your words are my food, your breath my wine. You are everything to me.
Love is an emotion experienced by the many and enjoyed by the few.
Love means to love that which is unlovable; or it is no virtue at all.
Love means to commit yourself without guarantee.
Falling in love consists merely in uncorking the imagination and bottling the common sense.
If you could only love enough, you could be the most powerful person in the world.
Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other.
He is not a lover who does not love forever.
Love is only a dirty trick played on us to achieve continuation of the species.
Friendship is Love without his wings!
There are never enough I Love You's.
Love is when he gives you a piece of your soul, that you never knew was missing.
Love is the great miracle cure. Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives.
Love is a sacred reserve of energy; it is like the blood of spiritual evolution.
Love is suffering. One side always loves more.
Down on your knees, and thank heaven, fasting, for a good man's love.
Love is what you've been through with somebody.
Fortune and love favor the brave.
Stolen kisses are always sweetest.
Love looks through a telescope; envy, through a microscope.
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved: It is God's finger on man's shoulder.
If thou must love me, let it be for naught except for love's sake only.
Love is not only something you feel, it is something you do.
The richest love is that which submits to the arbitration of time.
To love abundantly is to live abundantly, and to love forever is to live forever.
Follow love and it will flee, flee love and it will follow thee.
We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end.
Love is space and time measured by the heart.
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
Love conquers all.
I don't know that love changes. People change. Circumstances change.
We may give without loving, but we cannot love without giving.
You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
Love is the poetry of the senses.
For love is immortality.
Accustom yourself continually to make many acts of love, for they enkindle and melt the soul.
The first magic of love is our ignorance that it can ever end.
Love is the power to see similarity in the dissimilar.
Love's greatest gift is its ability to make everything it touches sacred.
The fact is that love is of two kinds, one which commands, and one which obeys. The two are quite distinct, and the passion to which the one gives rise is not the passion of the other.
Sometimes it's hard to be a woman giving all your love to just one man.
No one has ever loved anyone the way everyone wants to be loved.
The journey from teaching about love to allowing myself to be loved proved much longer than I realised.
Love is always being given where it is not required.
Come live with me and be my love, And we will all the pleasures prove, That valleys, groves, hills, and fields, Woods, or steepy mountain yields.
If you do not love me I shall not be loved If I do not love you I shall not love.
Take away love and our earth is a tomb.
People who throw kisses are hopelessly lazy.
There is always something left to love. And if you ain't learned that, you ain't learned nothing.
To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides.
Our first and last love is self-love.
Love is that splendid triggering of human vitality the supreme activity which nature affords anyone for going out of himself toward someone else.
Let no one who loves be unhappy, even love unreturned has its rainbow.
When you love a man, he becomes more than a body. His physical limbs expand, and his outline recedes, vanishes. He is rich and sweet and right. He is part of the world, the atmosphere, the blue sky and the blue water.
Though lovers be lost love shall not.
Love means not ever having to say you're sorry.
The quarrels of lovers are the renewal of love.
Life is like an onion. You peel it off one layer at a time, and sometimes you weep.
Love is the only gold.
Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion.
Say what you will, 'tis better to be left than never to have been loved.
The truth is that there is only one terminal dignity - love. And the story of a love is not important - what is important is that one is capable of love. It is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity.
Romantic love is an illusion. Most of us discover this truth at the end of a love affair or else when the sweet emotions of love lead us into marriage and then turn down their flames.
Love you will find only where you may show yourself weak without provoking strength.
With our love, we could save the world.
What the world really needs is more love and less paper work.
Love is the word used to label the sexual excitement of the young, the habituation of the middle-aged, and the mutual dependence of the old.
Only love interests me, and I am only in contact with things that revolve around love.
Love is metaphysical gravity.
Do you have to have a reason for loving?
In every living thing there is the desire for love.
Sympathy constitutes friendship; but in love there is a sort of antipathy, or opposing passion. Each strives to be the other, and both together make up one whole.
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.
There is more pleasure in loving than in being beloved.
What is love? It is the morning and the evening star.
It is easier to love humanity as a whole than to love one's neighbor.
Love is a mutual self-giving which ends in self-recovery.
He who loves, flies, runs, and rejoices; he is free and nothing holds him back.
Woe to the man whose heart has not learned while young to hope, to love - and to put its trust in life.
Who loves, raves.
We love because it's the only true adventure.
When you're in love you never really know whether your elation comes from the qualities of the one you love, or if it attributes them to her; whether the light which surrounds her like a halo comes from you, from her, or from the meeting of your sparks.
If equal affection cannot be, let the more loving be me.
We don't believe in rheumatism and true love until after the first attack.
Love is a springtime plant that perfumes everything with its hope, even the ruins to which it clings.
True love is quiescent, except in the nascent moments of true humility.
Ultimately love is everything.
When we lose one we love, our bitterest tears are called forth by the memory of hours when we loved not enough.
To love for the sake of being loved is human, but to love for the sake of loving is angelic.
Who so loves believes the impossible.
Looking back, I have this to regret, that too often when I loved, I did not say so.
Love is like a faucet, it turns off and on.
Selfishness is one of the qualities apt to inspire love.
There is room in the smallest cottage for a happy loving pair.
Stand by your man. Give him two arms to cling to and something warm to come to.
Love is an energy which exists of itself. It is its own value.
There is no limit to the power of loving.
More than kisses, letters mingle souls.
When love is at its best, one loves so much that he cannot forget.
A kiss that is never tasted, is forever and ever wasted.
Pains of love be sweeter far than all other pleasures are.
To good and true love fear is forever affixed.
If it is your time, love will track you down like a cruise missile.
Who would give a law to lovers? Love is unto itself a higher law.
Loving others always costs us something and requires effort. And you have to decide to do it on purpose. You can't wait for a feeling to motivate you.
You don't have to go looking for love when it's where you come from.
Love is blind.
The cure for all the ills and wrongs, the cares, the sorrows, and the crimes of humanity, all lie in the one word 'love'. It is the divine vitality that everywhere produces and restores life.
In a full heart there is room for everything, and in an empty heart there is room for nothing.
In our life there is a single color, as on an artist's palette, which provides the meaning of life and art. It is the color of love.
We love but once, for once only are we perfectly equipped for loving.
Only divine love bestows the keys of knowledge.
Love ceases to be a pleasure when it ceases to be a secret.
Love is love's reward.
The world is not comprehensible, but it is embraceable: through the embracing of one of its beings.
All love is vanquished by a succeeding love.
Love can be unselfish, in the sense of being benevolent and generous, without being selfless.
Who ever loved that loved not at first sight?
Love is much nicer to be in than an automobile accident, a tight girdle, a higher tax bracket or a holding pattern over Philadelphia.
Is it not by love alone that we succeed in penetrating to the very essence of being?
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat.
Love is the greatest gift that God has given us. It's free.
But love's a malady without a cure.
We perceive when love begins and when it declines by our embarrassment when alone together.
Self-love is the source of all our other loves.
I long for the raised voice, the howl of rage or love.
Love alone could waken love.
Oh, love will make a dog howl in rhyme.
My wife, my family, my friends - they've all taught me things about love and what that emotion really means. In a nutshell, loving someone is about giving, not receiving.
Love is a hole in the heart.
No, there's nothing half so sweet in life as love's young dream.
To enlarge or illustrate this power and effect of love is to set a candle in the sun.
You don't want to love - your eternal and abnormal craving is to be loved. You aren't positive, you're negative. You absorb, absorb, as if you must fill yourself up with love, because you've got a shortage somewhere.
Bid me to love, and I will give a loving heart to thee.
I am happier when I love than when I am loved. I adore my husband, my son, my grandchildren, my mother, my dog, and frankly, I don't know if they even like me. But who cares? Loving them is my joy.
Touch seems to be as essential as sunlight.
The love which moves the world, according to common Christian belief, is God's love and the love of God.
One must not trifle with love.
The deep joy we take in the company of people with whom we have just recently fallen in love is undisguisable.
Love has a tide!
The sweetest noise on earth, a woman's tongue; A string which hath no discord.
Words may be false and full of art; Sighs are the natural language of the heart.
All love is lost but upon God alone.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Life is a song - sing it. Life is a game - play it. Life is a challenge - meet it. Life is a dream - realize it. Life is a sacrifice - offer it. Life is love - enjoy it.
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that.
God proved His love on the Cross. When Christ hung, and bled, and died, it was God saying to the world, 'I love you.'
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life.
The love of family and the admiration of friends is much more important than wealth and privilege.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into friend.
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love.
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death.
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning.
But I say to you, Love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you, so that you may be sons of your Father who is in heaven; for he makes his sun rise on the evil and on the good, and sends rain on the just and on the unjust.
If music be the food of love, play on.
The great gift of Easter is hope - Christian hope which makes us have that confidence in God, in his ultimate triumph, and in his goodness and love, which nothing can shake.
I say what I want to say and do what I want to do. There's no in between. People will either love you for it or hate you for it.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally.
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies.
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person.
The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance.
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it.
To love beauty is to see light.
I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word.
You can search throughout the entire universe for someone who is more deserving of your love and affection than you are yourself, and that person is not to be found anywhere. You yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe deserve your love and affection.
I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness. If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love.
It is easy to hate and it is difficult to love. This is how the whole scheme of things works. All good things are difficult to achieve; and bad things are very easy to get.
What is a kiss? Why this, as some approve: The sure, sweet cement, glue, and lime of love.
When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace.
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth.
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.
You can't stop loving or wanting to love because when its right it's the best thing in the world. When you're in a relationship and its good, even if nothing else in your life is right, you feel like your whole world is complete.
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides.
My great hope is to laugh as much as I cry; to get my work done and try to love somebody and have the courage to accept the love in return.
Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts.
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier.
Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
The course of true love never did run smooth.
The game of basketball has been everything to me. My place of refuge, place I've always gone where I needed comfort and peace. It's been the site of intense pain and the most intense feelings of joy and satisfaction. It's a relationship that has evolved over time, given me the greatest respect and love for the game.
Motherhood: All love begins and ends there.
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don't, they never were.
Joy is a net of love by which you can catch souls.
Presents don't really mean much to me. I don't want to sound mawkish, but - it was the realization that I have a great many people in my life who really love me, and who I really love.
Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another.
May you live as long as you wish and love as long as you live.
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved.
It has always seemed strange to me... the things we admire in men, kindness and generosity, openness, honesty, understanding and feeling, are the concomitants of failure in our system. And those traits we detest, sharpness, greed, acquisitiveness, meanness, egotism and self-interest, are the traits of success. And while men admire the quality of the first they love the produce of the second.
Love always involves responsibility, and love always involves sacrifice. And we do not really love Christ unless we are prepared to face His task and to take up His Cross.
Love and compassion are necessities, not luxuries. Without them humanity cannot survive.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness.
Find joy in everything you choose to do. Every job, relationship, home... it's your responsibility to love it, or change it.
Love. Fall in love and stay in love. Write only what you love, and love what you write. The key word is love. You have to get up in the morning and write something you love, something to live for.
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses.
Behold, my friends, the spring is come; the earth has gladly received the embraces of the sun, and we shall soon see the results of their love!
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude.
Love is all, it gives all, and it takes all.
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness.
Never trust anyone completely but God. Love people, but put your full trust only in God.
Love is like a beautiful flower which I may not touch, but whose fragrance makes the garden a place of delight just the same.
The most authentic thing about us is our capacity to create, to overcome, to endure, to transform, to love and to be greater than our suffering.
There is a sacredness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness, but of power. They speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues. They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition, and of unspeakable love.
A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity. The order varies for any given year.
If you love those who love you, what credit is that to you? For even sinners love those who love them. And if you do good to those who do good to you, what credit is that to you? For even sinners do the same.
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother.
I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person.
Where there is great love, there are always wishes.
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
Before marriage, a girl has to make love to a man to hold him. After marriage, she has to hold him to make love to him.
True love doesn't happen right away; it's an ever-growing process. It develops after you've gone through many ups and downs, when you've suffered together, cried together, laughed together.
Respect is what we owe; love, what we give.
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.
I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope.
My friends and family are my support system. They tell me what I need to hear, not what I want to hear and they are there for me in the good and bad times. Without them I have no idea where I would be and I know that their love for me is what's keeping my head above the water.
Anyway, no drug, not even alcohol, causes the fundamental ills of society. If we're looking for the source of our troubles, we shouldn't test people for drugs, we should test them for stupidity, ignorance, greed and love of power.
Music is love, love is music, music is life, and I love my life. Thank you and good night.
If you want to be successful, it's just this simple. Know what you are doing. Love what you are doing. And believe in what you are doing.
In the game of love, the losers are more celebrated than the winners.
There is always the danger that we may just do the work for the sake of the work. This is where the respect and the love and the devotion come in - that we do it to God, to Christ, and that's why we try to do it as beautifully as possible.
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul.
I see when men love women. They give them but a little of their lives. But women when they love give everything.
The gain is not the having of children; it is the discovery of love and how to be loving.
I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality. This is why right, temporarily defeated, is stronger than evil triumphant.
What light is to the eyes - what air is to the lungs - what love is to the heart, liberty is to the soul of man.
One is very crazy when in love.
There is no sincerer love than the love of food.
Never make your home in a place. Make a home for yourself inside your own head. You'll find what you need to furnish it - memory, friends you can trust, love of learning, and other such things. That way it will go with you wherever you journey.
Enlightened leadership is spiritual if we understand spirituality not as some kind of religious dogma or ideology but as the domain of awareness where we experience values like truth, goodness, beauty, love and compassion, and also intuition, creativity, insight and focused attention.
I love the man that can smile in trouble, that can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but he whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves his conduct, will pursue his principles unto death.
You know, all that really matters is that the people you love are happy and healthy. Everything else is just sprinkles on the sundae.
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know?
It is cruel, you know, that music should be so beautiful. It has the beauty of loneliness of pain: of strength and freedom. The beauty of disappointment and never-satisfied love. The cruel beauty of nature and everlasting beauty of monotony.
Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together, but do so with all your heart.
But let there be spaces in your togetherness and let the winds of the heavens dance between you. Love one another but make not a bond of love: let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls.
We are not the same persons this year as last; nor are those we love. It is a happy chance if we, changing, continue to love a changed person.
The beginning of love is to let those we love be perfectly themselves, and not to twist them to fit our own image. Otherwise we love only the reflection of ourselves we find in them.
If we listened to our intellect, we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go into business, because we'd be cynical. Well, that's nonsense. You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down.
Rare as is true love, true friendship is rarer.
I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known.
Man must evolve for all human conflict a method which rejects revenge, aggression and retaliation. The foundation of such a method is love.
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance.
Friendship may, and often does, grow into love, but love never subsides into friendship.
A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
Love is energy of life.
Hatred does not cease by hatred, but only by love; this is the eternal rule.
A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself.
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.
Love is never lost. If not reciprocated, it will flow back and soften and purify the heart.
Let us dream of tomorrow where we can truly love from the soul, and know love as the ultimate truth at the heart of all creation.
What does love look like? It has the hands to help others. It has the feet to hasten to the poor and needy. It has eyes to see misery and want. It has the ears to hear the sighs and sorrows of men. That is what love looks like.
Love one another and help others to rise to the higher levels, simply by pouring out love. Love is infectious and the greatest healing energy.
I love you when you bow in your mosque, kneel in your temple, pray in your church. For you and I are sons of one religion, and it is the spirit.
Love to faults is always blind, always is to joy inclined. Lawless, winged, and unconfined, and breaks all chains from every mind.
Trust is to human relationships what faith is to gospel living. It is the beginning place, the foundation upon which more can be built. Where trust is, love can flourish.
A coward is incapable of exhibiting love; it is the prerogative of the brave.
That I survived the Holocaust and went on to love beautiful girls, to talk, to write, to have toast and tea and live my life - that is what is abnormal.
Work is love made visible. And if you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work and sit at the gate of the temple and take alms of those who work with joy.
Don't ever criticize yourself. Don't go around all day long thinking, 'I'm unattractive, I'm slow, I'm not as smart as my brother.' God wasn't having a bad day when he made you... If you don't love yourself in the right way, you can't love your neighbour. You can't be as good as you are supposed to be.
We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves.
All major religious traditions carry basically the same message, that is love, compassion and forgiveness the important thing is they should be part of our daily lives.
One should always be in love. That is the reason one should never marry.
I know of only one duty, and that is to love.
Do what you love to do and give it your very best. Whether it's business or baseball, or the theater, or any field. If you don't love what you're doing and you can't give it your best, get out of it. Life is too short. You'll be an old man before you know it.
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge.
Communism is not love. Communism is a hammer which we use to crush the enemy.
The secret of a happy marriage is finding the right person. You know they're right if you love to be with them all the time.
Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship.
The story of life is quicker then the blink of an eye, the story of love is hello, goodbye.
The things that will destroy America are prosperity-at-any-price, peace-at-any-price, safety-first instead of duty-first, the love of soft living, and the get-rich-quick theory of life.
All the commandments: You shall not commit adultery, you shall not kill, you shall not steal, you shall not covet, and so on, are summed up in this single command: You must love your neighbor as yourself.
Animals are reliable, many full of love, true in their affections, predictable in their actions, grateful and loyal. Difficult standards for people to live up to.
We, the People, recognize that we have responsibilities as well as rights; that our destinies are bound together; that a freedom which only asks what's in it for me, a freedom without a commitment to others, a freedom without love or charity or duty or patriotism, is unworthy of our founding ideals, and those who died in their defense.
I love the name of honor, more than I fear death.
Everyone has inside of him a piece of good news. The good news is that you don't know how great you can be! How much you can love! What you can accomplish! And what your potential is!
She discovered with great delight that one does not love one's children just because they are one's children but because of the friendship formed while raising them.
Love begins by taking care of the closest ones - the ones at home.
Knowledge is love and light and vision.
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love.
For anything worth having one must pay the price; and the price is always work, patience, love, self-sacrifice - no paper currency, no promises to pay, but the gold of real service.
I know you've heard it a thousand times before. But it's true - hard work pays off. If you want to be good, you have to practice, practice, practice. If you don't love something, then don't do it.
Yesterday we obeyed kings and bent our necks before emperors. But today we kneel only to truth, follow only beauty, and obey only love.
To love means loving the unlovable. To forgive means pardoning the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. Hope means hoping when everything seems hopeless.
Men love to wonder, and that is the seed of science.
Falling in love and having a relationship are two different things.
There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love.
I'm an introvert... I love being by myself, love being outdoors, love taking a long walk with my dogs and looking at the trees, flowers, the sky.
Don't let fear or insecurity stop you from trying new things. Believe in yourself. Do what you love. And most importantly, be kind to others, even if you don't like them.
Be happy with being you. Love your flaws. Own your quirks. And know that you are just as perfect as anyone else, exactly as you are.
Loyalty and devotion lead to bravery. Bravery leads to the spirit of self-sacrifice. The spirit of self-sacrifice creates trust in the power of love.
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt.
Do not hire a man who does your work for money, but him who does it for love of it.
The love of a mother is the veil of a softer light between the heart and the heavenly Father.
There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age.
Intense love does not measure, it just gives.
Let us more and more insist on raising funds of love, of kindness, of understanding, of peace. Money will come if we seek first the Kingdom of God - the rest will be given.
Rather than love, than money, than fame, give me truth.
Never go on trips with anyone you do not love.
Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved.
If we're destroying our trees and destroying our environment and hurting animals and hurting one another and all that stuff, there's got to be a very powerful energy to fight that. I think we need more love in the world. We need more kindness, more compassion, more joy, more laughter. I definitely want to contribute to that.
Love is a great beautifier.
Let us not be satisfied with just giving money. Money is not enough, money can be got, but they need your hearts to love them. So, spread your love everywhere you go.
We are driven by five genetic needs: survival, love and belonging, power, freedom, and fun.
To love one that is great, is almost to be great one's self.
We have observed that, in society and the world in which we live, selfishness has increased more than love for others, and that men of good will must work, each with his own strengths and expertise, to ensure that love for others increases until it is equal and possibly exceeds love for oneself.
Power is of two kinds. One is obtained by the fear of punishment and the other by acts of love. Power based on love is a thousand times more effective and permanent then the one derived from fear of punishment.
Show me your hands. Do they have scars from giving? Show me your feet. Are they wounded in service? Show me your heart. Have you left a place for divine love?
The only creatures that are evolved enough to convey pure love are dogs and infants.
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back.
If you're married, and you have a wife, and you really love your wife, is it good enough to only say to your wife 'I love her' the day you get married? Or should you tell her every single day when you wake up and every opportunity? And that's how I feel about my relationship with Jesus Christ is that it is the most important thing in my life.
I think every girl needs to love herself, regardless of anything. Like if you're having a bad day, if you don't like your hair, if you don't have the best family situation, whatever, you have to love yourself and you can't do anything until you love yourself first.
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love.
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own... Jealousy is a disease, love is a healthy condition. The immature mind often mistakes one for the other, or assumes that the greater the love, the greater the jealousy.
Forgiveness is the final form of love.
All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love.
Disneyland is a work of love. We didn't go into Disneyland just with the idea of making money.
Red is such an interesting color to correlate with emotion, because it's on both ends of the spectrum. On one end you have happiness, falling in love, infatuation with someone, passion, all that. On the other end, you've got obsession, jealousy, danger, fear, anger and frustration.
Love is a serious mental disease.
I love you, and because I love you, I would sooner have you hate me for telling you the truth than adore me for telling you lies.
You can never control who you fall in love with, even when you're in the most sad, confused time of your life. You don't fall in love with people because they're fun. It just happens.
I love women, but I feel like you can't trust some of them. Some of them are liars, you know? Like I was in the park and I met this girl, she was cute and she had a dog. And I went up to her, we started talking. She told me her dog's name. Then I said, 'Does he bite?' She said, 'No.' And I said, 'Oh yeah? Then how does he eat?' Liar.
Even the rich are hungry for love, for being cared for, for being wanted, for having someone to call their own.
We've got this gift of love, but love is like a precious plant. You can't just accept it and leave it in the cupboard or just think it's going to get on by itself. You've got to keep watering it. You've got to really look after it and nurture it.
The mother-child relationship is paradoxical and, in a sense, tragic. It requires the most intense love on the mother's side, yet this very love must help the child grow away from the mother, and to become fully independent.
Alcohol may be man's worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy.
If someone thinks that love and peace is a cliche that must have been left behind in the Sixties, that's his problem. Love and peace are eternal.
The man of knowledge must be able not only to love his enemies but also to hate his friends.
Who will tell whether one happy moment of love or the joy of breathing or walking on a bright morning and smelling the fresh air, is not worth all the suffering and effort which life implies.
Believe in love. Believe in magic. Hell, believe in Santa Clause. Believe in others. Believe in yourself. Believe in your dreams. If you don't, who will?
Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.
When you are missing someone, time seems to move slower, and when I'm falling in love with someone, time seems to be moving faster.
You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection.
When people get married because they think it's a long-time love affair, they'll be divorced very soon, because all love affairs end in disappointment. But marriage is a recognition of a spiritual identity.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.
You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness.
I work really hard at trying to see the big picture and not getting stuck in ego. I believe we're all put on this planet for a purpose, and we all have a different purpose... When you connect with that love and that compassion, that's when everything unfolds.
Did I offer peace today? Did I bring a smile to someone's face? Did I say words of healing? Did I let go of my anger and resentment? Did I forgive? Did I love?' These are the real questions. I must trust that the little bit of love that I sow now will be many fruits, here in this world and the life to come.
I love those who yearn for the impossible.
Love is blind; friendship closes its eyes.
If having a soul means being able to feel love and loyalty and gratitude, then animals are better off than a lot of humans.
My friends, love is better than anger. Hope is better than fear. Optimism is better than despair. So let us be loving, hopeful and optimistic. And we'll change the world.
Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family.
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
Courage is like love; it must have hope for nourishment.
I do not think there is any thrill that can go through the human heart like that felt by the inventor as he sees some creation of the brain unfolding to success... such emotions make a man forget food, sleep, friends, love, everything.
If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die.
Sex without love is a meaningless experience, but as far as meaningless experiences go its pretty damn good.
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness, of hatred, of jealousy, and, most easily of all, the gate of fear.
We are born of love; Love is our mother.
There is no lonelier man in death, except the suicide, than that man who has lived many years with a good wife and then outlived her. If two people love each other there can be no happy end to it.
If thou desire the love of God and man, be humble, for the proud heart, as it loves none but itself, is beloved of none but itself. Humility enforces where neither virtue, nor strength, nor reason can prevail.
I do not want a husband who honours me as a queen, if he does not love me as a woman.
Everybody's journey is individual. If you fall in love with a boy, you fall in love with a boy. The fact that many Americans consider it a disease says more about them than it does about homosexuality.
Patriotism is when love of your own people comes first; nationalism, when hate for people other than your own comes first.
Money is not a motivating factor. Money doesn't thrill me or make me play better because there are benefits to being wealthy. I'm just happy with a ball at my feet. My motivation comes from playing the game I love. If I wasn't paid to be a professional footballer I would willingly play for nothing.
Love is the answer, and you know that for sure; Love is a flower, you've got to let it grow.
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching.
Love is something far more than desire for sexual intercourse; it is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflicts most men and women throughout the greater part of their lives.
It's tangible, it's solid, it's beautiful. It's artistic, from my standpoint, and I just love real estate.
I hate losing and cricket being my first love, once I enter the ground it's a different zone altogether and that hunger for winning is always there.
A person once asked me, in a provocative manner, if I approved of homosexuality. I replied with another question: 'Tell me: when God looks at a gay person, does he endorse the existence of this person with love, or reject and condemn this person?' We must always consider the person.
When you love someone all your saved up wishes start coming out.
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.
No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
Love is what we were born with. Fear is what we learned here.
You know, when you really connect with the instrument and everything just comes out on an emotional level very naturally through your playing. That's, you know, a great night. And I think the reason I love touring so much is you're chasing that high around all the time, trying to have another good night.
If you work just for money, you'll never make it, but if you love what you're doing and you always put the customer first, success will be yours.
I spent a lot of years trying to outrun or outsmart vulnerability by making things certain and definite, black and white, good and bad. My inability to lean into the discomfort of vulnerability limited the fullness of those important experiences that are wrought with uncertainty: Love, belonging, trust, joy, and creativity to name a few.
To keep your marriage brimming, With love in the loving cup, Whenever you're wrong, admit it; Whenever you're right, shut up.
A deep sense of love and belonging is an irreducible need of all people. We are biologically, cognitively, physically, and spiritually wired to love, to be loved, and to belong. When those needs are not met, we don't function as we were meant to. We break. We fall apart. We numb. We ache. We hurt others. We get sick.
A year or so ago I went through all the people in my life and asked myself: does this person inspire me, genuinely love me and support me unconditionally? I wanted nothing but positive influences in my life.
Have we not come to such an impasse in the modern world that we must love our enemies - or else? The chain reaction of evil - hate begetting hate, wars producing more wars - must be broken, or else we shall be plunged into the dark abyss of annihilation.
If you want a love message to be heard, it has got to be sent out. To keep a lamp burning, we have to keep putting oil in it.
Doing what you love is the cornerstone of having abundance in your life.
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else.
You will reciprocally promise love, loyalty and matrimonial honesty. We only want for you this day that these words constitute the principle of your entire life and that with the help of divine grace you will observe these solemn vows that today, before God, you formulate.
It sounds like a cliche but I also learnt that you're not going to fall for the right person until you really love yourself and feel good about how you are.
Computers are magnificent tools for the realization of our dreams, but no machine can replace the human spark of spirit, compassion, love, and understanding.
Nobody can predict the future. You just have to give your all to the relationship you're in and do your best to take care of your partner, communicate and give them every last drop of love you have. I think one of the most important things in a relationship is caring for your significant other through good times and bad.
And ever has it been known that love knows not its own depth until the hour of separation.
A man can be happy with any woman, as long as he does not love her.
Who could refrain that had a heart to love and in that heart courage to make love known?
If you cannot work with love but only with distaste, it is better that you should leave your work.
Those who have the strength and the love to sit with a dying patient in the silence that goes beyond words will know that this moment is neither frightening nor painful, but a peaceful cessation of the functioning of the body.
Life is short and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are travelling the dark journey with us. Oh be swift to love, make haste to be kind.
People spend a lifetime thinking about how they would really like to live. I asked my friends and no one seems to know very clearly. To me it's very clear now. I wish my life could have been like the years when I was writing 'Love in the Time of Cholera.'
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were.
Justice that love gives is a surrender, justice that law gives is a punishment.
I guess I have always been deeply terrified to really be someone's wife since I know from life one cannot love another, ever, really.
Success comes from taking the initiative and following up... persisting... eloquently expressing the depth of your love. What simple action could you take today to produce a new momentum toward success in your life?
There's always going to be someone out there... who doesn't believe in you or who thinks your head is too big or you're not smart enough. But those are the people you need to ignore, and those are the times you need to just keep doing what you love doing.
Thank you, dear God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough. Thank you for the rain. And for the chance to wake up in three hours and go fishing: I thank you for that now, because I won't feel so thankful then.
A family is a risky venture, because the greater the love, the greater the loss... That's the trade-off. But I'll take it all.
Love is the ability and willingness to allow those that you care for to be what they choose for themselves without any insistence that they satisfy you.
We can't command our love, but we can our actions.
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love.
There is only one secure foundation: a genuine, deep relationship with Jesus Christ, which will carry you through any and all turmoil. No matter what storms are raging all around, you'll stand firm if you stand on His love.
The two most misused words in the entire English vocabulary are love and friendship. A true friend would die for you, so when you start trying to count them on one hand, you don't need any fingers.
Trust in what you love, continue to do it, and it will take you where you need to go.
Love is a chain of love as nature is a chain of life.
Basketball is my passion, I love it. But my family and friends mean everything to me. That's what's important. I need my phone so I can keep in contact with them at all times.
You can't blame gravity for falling in love.
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion.
Three passions, simple but overwhelmingly strong, have governed my life: the longing for love, the search for knowledge, and unbearable pity for the suffering of mankind.
This is love: to fly toward a secret sky, to cause a hundred veils to fall each moment. First to let go of life. Finally, to take a step without feet.
For true love is inexhaustible; the more you give, the more you have. And if you go to draw at the true fountainhead, the more water you draw, the more abundant is its flow.
To all the other dreamers out there, don't ever stop or let the world's negativity disenchant you or your spirit. If you surround yourself with love and the right people, anything is possible.
The more one does and sees and feels, the more one is able to do, and the more genuine may be one's appreciation of fundamental things like home, and love, and understanding companionship.
Daring to set boundaries is about having the courage to love ourselves, even when we risk disappointing others.
The planter, the farmer, the mechanic, and the laborer... form the great body of the people of the United States, they are the bone and sinew of the country men who love liberty and desire nothing but equal rights and equal laws.
Love sought is good, but given unsought, is better.
Love never dies a natural death. It dies because we don't know how to replenish its source. It dies of blindness and errors and betrayals. It dies of illness and wounds; it dies of weariness, of witherings, of tarnishings.
Thank you, God, for this good life and forgive us if we do not love it enough.
Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver.
For if you love those who love you, what reward have you? Do not even the tax collectors do the same?
The best portion of a good man's life is his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love.
Love is whatever you can still betray. Betrayal can only happen if you love.
I think the biggest disease the world suffers from in this day and age is the disease of people feeling unloved. I know that I can give love for a minute, for half an hour, for a day, for a month, but I can give. I am very happy to do that, I want to do that.
Love is the expression of one's values, the greatest reward you can earn for the moral qualities you have achieved in your character and person, the emotional price paid by one man for the joy he receives from the virtues of another.
It is not the creation of wealth that is wrong, but the love of money for its own sake.
May we not succumb to thoughts of violence and revenge today, but rather to thoughts of mercy and compassion. We are to love our enemies that they might be returned to their right minds.
That best portion of a man's life, his little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and love.
Being in love with somebody is a wonderful feeling.
It may be true that the law cannot make a man love me, but it can keep him from lynching me, and I think that's pretty important.
When you fish for love, bait with your heart, not your brain.
If we love our country, we should also love our countrymen.
We are most alive when we're in love.
Study nature, love nature, stay close to nature. It will never fail you.
What I am is how I came out. No one's perfect and you just have to accept your flaws and learn to love yourself.
The problem with marriage is that it ends every night after making love, and it must be rebuilt every morning before breakfast.
Love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey.
I love to be alone. I never found the companion that was so companionable as solitude.
We all want to be in love and find that person who is going to love us no matter how our feet smell, no matter how angry we get one day, no matter the things we say that we don't mean.
Pursue some path, however narrow and crooked, in which you can walk with love and reverence.
Treasure the love you receive above all. It will survive long after your good health has vanished.
Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace. Where there is hatred, let me sow love.
My number one goal is to love, support and be there for my son.
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
Mothers are the people who love us for no good reason. And those of us who are mothers know it's the most exquisite love of all.
The truth is I love being alive. And I love feeling free. So if I can't have those things then I feel like a caged animal and I'd rather not be in a cage. I'd rather be dead. And it's real simple. And I think it's not that uncommon.
Music is what I breath, what I love to do. It keeps me alive.
I'm kind of a good girl - and I'm not. I'm a good girl because I really believe in love, integrity, and respect. I'm a bad girl because I like to tease. I know that I have sex appeal in my deck of cards. But I like to get people thinking. That's what the stories in my music do.
I love a man with a great sense of humor and who is intelligent - a man who has a great smile. He has to make me laugh. I like a man who is very ambitious and driven and who has a good heart and makes me feel safe. I like a man who is very strong and independent and confident - that is very sexy - but at the same time, he's very kind to people.
Unconditional love really exists in each of us. It is part of our deep inner being. It is not so much an active emotion as a state of being. It's not 'I love you' for this or that reason, not 'I love you if you love me.' It's love for no reason, love without an object.
Our life of poverty is as necessary as the work itself. Only in heaven will we see how much we owe to the poor for helping us to love God better because of them.
Love one another, but make not a bond of love: Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls.
Once in his life, every man is entitled to fall madly in love with a gorgeous redhead.
The struggle of my life created empathy - I could relate to pain, being abandoned, having people not love me.
Whoever loves becomes humble. Those who love have, so to speak, pawned a part of their narcissism.
True love is eternal, infinite, and always like itself. It is equal and pure, without violent demonstrations: it is seen with white hairs and is always young in the heart.
Because parents have power over children. They feel they have to do what their parents say. But the love of money is the root of all evil. And this is a sweet child. And to see him turn like this, this isn't him. This is not him.
Italy, and the spring and first love all together should suffice to make the gloomiest person happy.
The purest and most thoughtful minds are those which love colour the most.
Cancer is messy and scary. You throw everything at it, but don't forget to throw love at it. It turns out that might be the best weapon of all.
To be interested in the changing seasons is a happier state of mind than to be hopelessly in love with spring.
What a cruel thing war is... to fill our hearts with hatred instead of love for our neighbors.
Every man, every woman who has to take up the service of government, must ask themselves two questions: 'Do I love my people in order to serve them better? Am I humble and do I listen to everybody, to diverse opinions in order to choose the best path?' If you don't ask those questions, your governance will not be good.
True love is not a strong, fiery, impetuous passion. It is, on the contrary, an element calm and deep. It looks beyond mere externals, and is attracted by qualities alone. It is wise and discriminating, and its devotion is real and abiding.
At the center of non-violence stands the principle of love.
I love argument, I love debate. I don't expect anyone just to sit there and agree with me, that's not their job.
If a man walks in the woods for love of them half of each day, he is in danger of being regarded as a loafer. But if he spends his days as a speculator, shearing off those woods and making the earth bald before her time, he is deemed an industrious and enterprising citizen.
True love stories never have endings.
The time I burned my guitar it was like a sacrifice. You sacrifice the things you love. I love my guitar.
I come from that society and there is a common thread, specifically family values - the idea that you do anything for your family, and the unconditional love for one's children.
Romantic love is mental illness. But it's a pleasurable one. It's a drug. It distorts reality, and that's the point of it. It would be impossible to fall in love with someone that you really saw.
Grief is the price we pay for love.
There's a big difference between falling in love with someone and falling in love with someone and getting married. Usually, after you get married, you fall in love with the person even more.
True, we love life, not because we are used to living, but because we are used to loving. There is always some madness in love, but there is also always some reason in madness.
When you love and accept yourself, when you know who really cares about you, and when you learn from your mistakes, then you stop caring about what people who don't know you think.
I swear, by my life and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine.
Do you know what it means to come home at night to a woman who'll give you a little love, a little affection, a little tenderness? It means you're in the wrong house, that's what it means.
All women have a perception much more developed than men. So all women somehow, being repressed for so many millennia, they ended up by developing this sixth sense and contemplation and love. And this is something that we have a hard time to accept as part of our society.
Hate is only a form love that hasn't found a way to express itself logically.
I love to think of nature as an unlimited broadcasting station, through which God speaks to us every hour, if we will only tune in.
There are more love songs than anything else. If songs could make you do something we'd all love one another.
No woman ever hates a man for being in love with her, but many a woman hate a man for being a friend to her.
Your feelings so are important to write down, to capture, and to remember because today you're heartbroken, but tomorrow you'll be in love again.
A poet is, before anything else, a person who is passionately in love with language.
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.
If you do what you love, you'll never work a day in your life.
One of the most amazing things about mathematics is the people who do math aren't usually interested in application, because mathematics itself is truly a beautiful art form. It's structures and patterns, and that's what we love, and that's what we get off on.
You are loved just for being who you are, just for existing. You don't have to do anything to earn it. Your shortcomings, your lack of self-esteem, physical perfection, or social and economic success - none of that matters. No one can take this love away from you, and it will always be here.
Love is like a virus. It can happen to anybody at any time.
Man's nature is not essentially evil. Brute nature has been know to yield to the influence of love. You must never despair of human nature.
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness.
Love cannot save you from your own fate.
Do what you love. Know your own bone; gnaw at it, bury it, unearth it, and gnaw it still.
God's truth judges created things out of love, and Satan's truth judges them out of envy and hatred.
Marriage is not a noun; it's a verb. It isn't something you get. It's something you do. It's the way you love your partner every day.
Love is often nothing but a favorable exchange between two people who get the most of what they can expect, considering their value on the personality market.
I love making people laugh and feel good, and that's awesome and special for me to be able to do that, but there really is nothing like kicking ass whether it's on a major scale, or whether it's in more of a dramatic fashion. Being physical and taking care of business the old-fashioned way is something that I love doing.
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time.
A friendship that like love is warm; A love like friendship, steady.
I try to give to the poor people for love what the rich could get for money. No, I wouldn't touch a leper for a thousand pounds; yet I willingly cure him for the love of God.
Love is too young to know what conscience is.
Love is not love that alters when it alteration finds.
Flatter me, and I may not believe you. Criticize me, and I may not like you. Ignore me, and I may not forgive you. Encourage me, and I will not forget you. Love me and I may be forced to love you.
I do not deny that I planned sabotage. I did not plan it in a spirit of recklessness nor because I have any love of violence. I planned it as a result of a calm and sober assessment of the political situation that had arisen after many years of tyranny, exploitation and oppression of my people by the whites.
Nothing can bring a real sense of security into the home except true love.
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there's only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
Our dilemma is that we hate change and love it at the same time; what we really want is for things to remain the same but get better.
Money can buy you a fine dog, but only love can make him wag his tail.
To love is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
Friendship at first sight, like love at first sight, is said to be the only truth.
Liza, I love you more than any words can say. You have made me a complete person. You are everything to me. And I cannot think of living life without you. And I love you forever.
Christmas, my child, is love in action. Every time we love, every time we give, it's Christmas.
I have a very strong feeling that the opposite of love is not hate - it's apathy. It's not giving a damn.
Where there's marriage without love, there will be love without marriage.
A father may turn his back on his child, brothers and sisters may become inveterate enemies, husbands may desert their wives, wives their husbands. But a mother's love endures through all.
Anxiety is love's greatest killer. It makes others feel as you might when a drowning man holds on to you. You want to save him, but you know he will strangle you with his panic.
I believe that every single event in life happens in an opportunity to choose love over fear.
We are never so defensless against suffering as when we love.
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
For one human being to love another; that is perhaps the most difficult of all our tasks, the ultimate, the last test and proof, the work for which all other work is but preparation.
I'm a romantic, and we romantics are more sensitive to the way people feel. We love more, and we hurt more. When we're hurt, we hurt for a long time.
Smart women love smart men more than smart men love smart women.
Love is never defeated, and I could add, the history of Ireland proves it.
If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love.
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
Love consists in giving without getting in return; in giving what is not owed, what is not due the other. That's why true love is never based, as associations for utility or pleasure are, on a fair exchange.
Romance is tempestuous. Love is calm.
If you don't love yourself, you can't love anybody else. And I think as women we really forget that.
I'm fascinated with myself and love hearing the sound of my own voice. I'd like to hear what I have to say. A lot of people don't like being alone because they truly don't like themselves, but I love me.
To know yourself as the Being underneath the thinker, the stillness underneath the mental noise, the love and joy underneath the pain, is freedom, salvation, enlightenment.
I maybe had a first love and had my heart broken, but reflecting on it, I don't think that was love. I think as I'm getting older and having more in-depth relationships, maybe I'll experience it. At the moment, I don't know, exactly, if I've been in love.
Yes, it was love at first sight. I feel that after all these years, I have finally found my soul mate.
Speak low, if you speak love.
So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty. All other pacts of love or fear derive from it and are modeled upon it.
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap-on-a-rope.
No matter what you've done for yourself or for humanity, if you can't look back on having given love and attention to your own family, what have you really accomplished?
The Bible tells us to love our neighbors, and also to love our enemies; probably because generally they are the same people.
We need to teach the next generation of children from day one that they are responsible for their lives. Mankind's greatest gift, also its greatest curse, is that we have free choice. We can make our choices built from love or from fear.
In art as in love, instinct is enough.
For love would be love of the wrong thing; there is yet faith, But the faith and the love and the hope are all in the waiting.
Chemistry can be a good and bad thing. Chemistry is good when you make love with it. Chemistry is bad when you make crack with it.
Falling in love is the best way to kill your heart because then it's not yours anymore. It's laid in a coffin, waiting to be cremated.
A man can be himself only so long as he is alone, and if he does not love solitude, he will not love freedom, for it is only when he is alone that he is really free.
I love Los Angeles, and I love Hollywood. They're beautiful. Everybody's plastic, but I love plastic. I want to be plastic.
Wherever the art of medicine is loved, there is also a love of humanity.
Design is not making beauty, beauty emerges from selection, affinities, integration, love.
Love is trembling happiness.
Find a beautiful piece of art. If you fall in love with Van Gogh or Matisse or John Oliver Killens, or if you fall love with the music of Coltrane, the music of Aretha Franklin, or the music of Chopin - find some beautiful art and admire it, and realize that that was created by human beings just like you, no more human, no less.
I'm not claiming divinity. I've never claimed purity of soul. I've never claimed to have the answers to life. I only put out songs and answer questions as honestly as I can... But I still believe in peace, love and understanding.
When love beckons to you, follow him, Though his ways are hard and steep. And when his wings enfold you yield to him, Though the sword hidden among his pinions may wound you.
Love and work are the cornerstones of our humanness.
Personally, I just think rap music is the best thing out there, period. If you look at my deck in my car radio, you're always going to find a hip-hop tape; that's all I buy, that's all I live, that's all I listen to, that's all I love.
Do not seek the because - in love there is no because, no reason, no explanation, no solutions.
I love it when someone insults me. That means that I don't have to be nice anymore.
A man in love is incomplete until he has married. Then he's finished.
Even if a unity of faith is not possible, a unity of love is.
The more I think about it, the more I realize there is nothing more artistic than to love others.
The things that we love tell us what we are.
The love of learning, the sequestered nooks, And all the sweet serenity of books.
A lady's imagination is very rapid; it jumps from admiration to love, from love to matrimony in a moment.
I don't love studying. I hate studying. I like learning. Learning is beautiful.
Some white people hate black people, and some white people love black people, some black people hate white people, and some black people love white people. So you see it's not an issue of black and white, it's an issue of Lovers and Haters.
Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow. Don't walk behind me, I may not lead. There is only one happiness in life, to love and be loved.
Alcohol is like love. The first kiss is magic, the second is intimate, the third is routine. After that you take the girl's clothes off.
Let us be about setting high standards for life, love, creativity, and wisdom. If our expectations in these areas are low, we are not likely to experience wellness. Setting high standards makes every day and every decade worth looking forward to.
There's a big difference between falling in love and being in love. There's a big difference between infatuation and falling in love.
My mom always said that there would be haters. Not everyone can love ya.
What I've enjoyed most, though, is meeting people who have a real interest in food and sharing ideas with them. Good food is a global thing and I find that there is always something new and amazing to learn - I love it!
Of emotions, of love, of breakup, of love and hate and death and dying, mama, apple pie, and the whole thing. It covers a lot of territory, country music does.
New Age values are conscious evolution, a non-sectarian society, a non-military culture, global sharing, healing the environment, sustainable economies, self-determination, social justice, economic empowerment of the poor, love, compassion in action, going beyond religious fundamentalism, going beyond nationalism-extreme nationalism, culture.
Whatever you want to do, if you want to be great at it, you have to love it and be able to make sacrifices for it.
No matter how dark the moment, love and hope are always possible.
Whatever is done for love always occurs beyond good and evil.
He that is jealous is not in love.
The most important thing in the world is family and love.
Don't forget to love yourself.
Where love rules, there is no will to power; and where power predominates, there love is lacking. The one is the shadow of the other.
Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, nor hell a fury like a woman scorned.
Girls we love for what they are; young men for what they promise to be.
Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back.
When people are lame, they love to blame.
Food, love, career, and mothers, the four major guilt groups.
The essential elements of giving are power and love - activity and affection - and the consciousness of the race testifies that in the high and appropriate exercise of these is a blessedness greater than any other.
I love making new friends and I respect people for a lot of different reasons.
It is a full time job being honest one moment at a time, remembering to love, to honor, to respect. It is a practice, a discipline, worthy of every moment.
We abuse land because we regard it as a commodity belonging to us. When we see land as a community to which we belong, we may begin to use it with love and respect.
The thing I love most about going on vacation is that I get to leave behind any kind of schedule. My entire life is scheduled from morning to night, and when I'm on vacation, there is no schedule.
Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom.
Life is a game and true love is a trophy.
The love of gardening is a seed once sown that never dies.
Let us realize that: the privilege to work is a gift, the power to work is a blessing, the love of work is success!
You need to love yourself and be yourself one hundred percent before you can actually love someone else.
Love comes when manipulation stops; when you think more about the other person than about his or her reactions to you. When you dare to reveal yourself fully. When you dare to be vulnerable.
Acceptance is not love. You love a person because he or she has lovable traits, but you accept everybody just because they're alive and human.
There is no time for cut-and-dried monotony. There is time for work. And time for love. That leaves no other time!
I feel that there is nothing more truly artistic than to love people.
I have a love interest in every one of my films: a gun.
All the laws and legislation in the world will never heal this world like the loving hearts and arms of mothers and fathers. If every child could drift to sleep feeling wrapped in the love of their family - and God's love - this world would be a far more gentle and better place.
It's possible to love a human being if you don't know them too well.
We look forward to the time when the Power of Love will replace the Love of Power. Then will our world know the blessings of peace.
To love someone means to see him as God intended him.
The motto of chivalry is also the motto of wisdom; to serve all, but love only one.
True love doesn't come to you it has to be inside you.
Love, friendship and respect do not unite people as much as a common hatred for something.
In Italy, for 30 years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror, murder and bloodshed, but they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci and the Renaissance. In Switzerland they had brotherly love, they had 500 years of democracy and peace - and what did that produce? The cuckoo clock.
Every bit of me is devoted to love and art. And I aspire to try to be a teacher to my young fans who feel just like I felt when I was younger. I just felt like a freak. I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm trying to liberate them, I want to free them of their fears and make them feel that they can make their own space in the world.
Love the giver more than the gift.
Being a father has been, without a doubt, my greatest source of achievement, pride and inspiration. Fatherhood has taught me about unconditional love, reinforced the importance of giving back and taught me how to be a better person.
If proud Americans can be who they are and boldly stand at the altar with who they love then surely, surely we can give everyone in this country a fair chance at that great American Dream.
I love natural beauty, and I think it's your best look, but I think makeup as an artist is so transformative.
A heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others.
I love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels.
All you need is love.
A strong man doesn't have to be dominant toward a woman. He doesn't match his strength against a woman weak with love for him. He matches it against the world.
Death is a challenge. It tells us not to waste time... It tells us to tell each other right now that we love each other.
The ultimate lesson all of us have to learn is unconditional love, which includes not only others but ourselves as well.
Money can't buy love, but it improves your bargaining position.
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds.
When you start falling for somebody and you can't stop thinking about when you're going to see them again, I love that. Women are beautiful. They deserve to be cherished and respected.
I think my passion is misinterpreted as anger sometimes. And I don't think people are ready for the message that I'm delivering, and delivering with a sense of violent love.
Jealousy contains more of self-love than of love.
Let love flow so that it cleanses the world. Then man can live in peace, instead of the state of turmoil he has created through his past ways of life, with all those material interests and earthly ambitions.
When you're taught to love everyone, to love your enemies, then what value does that place on love?
Thousands have lived without love, not one without water.
Ages of experience have taught humanity that the commitment of a husband and wife to love and to serve one another promotes the welfare of children and the stability of society.
The highest patriotism is not a blind acceptance of official policy, but a love of one's country deep enough to call her to a higher plain.
Unless we love and are loved, each of us is alone, each of us is deeply lonely.
With love, you should go ahead and take the risk of getting hurt because love is an amazing feeling.
There's no changing your mind about whom you love. That's part of the tough thing about being in love - it's sort of undeniable.
Do what you love; you'll be better at it. It sounds pretty simple, but you'd be surprised how many people don't get this one right away.
Authenticity is the alignment of head, mouth, heart, and feet - thinking, saying, feeling, and doing the same thing - consistently. This builds trust, and followers love leaders they can trust.
The thing I loved the most - and still love the most about teaching - is that you can connect with an individual or a group, and see that individual or group exceed their limits.
Love is the flower of life, and blossoms unexpectedly and without law, and must be plucked where it is found, and enjoyed for the brief hour of its duration.
You always want to win. That is why you play tennis, because you love the sport and try to be the best you can at it.
Pick a theme and work it to exhaustion... the subject must be something you truly love or truly hate.
People love chopping wood. In this activity one immediately sees results.
It is not enough to say we must not wage war. It is necessary to love peace and sacrifice for it.
The love of heaven makes one heavenly.
The love of the family, the love of one person can heal. It heals the scars left by a larger society. A massive, powerful society.
Coming generations will learn equality from poverty, and love from woes.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
The wise are wise only because they love. The fool are fools only because they think they can understand love.
Love does not claim possession, but gives freedom.
Let your religion be less of a theory and more of a love affair.
If love is the answer, could you please rephrase the question?
Friendship is certainly the finest balm for the pangs of disappointed love.
It is impossible to love and to be wise.
I love to go to Washington - if only to be near my money.
Wine comes in at the mouth And love comes in at the eye; That's all we shall know for truth Before we grow old and die.
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.
True love cannot be found where it does not exist, nor can it be denied where it does.
To fall in love is easy, even to remain in it is not difficult; our human loneliness is cause enough. But it is a hard quest worth making to find a comrade through whose steady presence one becomes steadily the person one desires to be.
The first time you marry for love, the second for money, and the third for companionship.
Only the broken-hearted know the truth about love.
Love has reasons which reason cannot understand.
I love everything that's old, - old friends, old times, old manners, old books, old wine.
So, fall asleep love, loved by me... for I know love, I am loved by thee.
Love is anterior to life, posterior to death, initial of creation, and the exponent of breath.
Love is the river of life in the world.
It is easy to say how we love new friends, and what we think of them, but words can never trace out all the fibers that knit us to the old.
The basic problem with my love relationships with women is that my standards are so high - and they apply equally to both of us. I seek full-blast mutual intensity, fully fledged mutual acceptance, full-blown mutual flourishing, and fully felt peace and joy with each other. This requires a level of physical attraction, personal adoration, and moral admiration that is hard to find.
The secret to a happy marriage is if you can be at peace with someone within four walls, if you are content because the one you love is near to you, either upstairs or downstairs, or in the same room, and you feel that warmth that you don't find very often, then that is what love is all about.
Don't threaten me with love, baby. Let's just go walking in the rain.
I love fools' experiments. I am always making them.
If you are lucky enough to find a way of life you love, you have to find the courage to live it.
Love has its own time, its own season, and its own reasons from coming and going. You cannot bribe it or coerce it or reason it into staying. You can only embrace it when it arrives and give it away when it comes to you.
I'm just not into trying to convince people like me. I always say to myself, 'It is what it is.' I walk into a situation knowing that people are either going to love me or they're not, and that's OK. I'm just going to be me. You can't be everything to everyone.
Love is not a feeling of happiness. Love is a willingness to sacrifice.
The essential conditions of everything you do must be choice, love, passion.
Don't think that there's a different, better child 'hiding' behind the autism. This is your child. Love the child in front of you. Encourage his strengths, celebrate his quirks, and improve his weaknesses, the way you would with any child. You may have to work harder on some of this, but that's the goal.
In finding love, I think it's important to be patient. In being in a relationship, I think it's important to be honest, to communicate, to respect and trust, and to strive to give more than you take.
The love of husband and wife, which is creative of new human life, is a marvellously personal sharing in the creative love of God who brings into being the eternal soul that comes to every human being with the gift of human life.
If you do what you love, it is the best way to relax.
I'm not playing for other people; if I start thinking in those terms I would put too much pressure on myself. I play basketball because that is what I love to do.
I love the sounds and the power of pounding water, whether it is the waves or a waterfall.
Love and doubt have never been on speaking terms.
One advantage of marriage is that, when you fall out of love with him or he falls out of love with you, it keeps you together until you fall in again.
Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love.
Adapt yourself to the things among which your lot has been cast and love sincerely the fellow creatures with whom destiny has ordained that you shall live.
There is no friendship, no love, like that of the parent for the child.
Sex without love is merely healthy exercise.
Love seeketh not itself to please, nor for itself hath any care, but for another gives its ease, and builds a Heaven in Hell's despair.
If you love someone, you say it, right then, out loud. Otherwise, the moment just passes you by.
If one is desperate for love, I suggest looking at one's friends and family and see if love is all around. If not, get a new set of friends, a new family.
Without contraries is no progression. Attraction and repulsion, reason and energy, love and hate, are necessary to human existence.
I'm in trouble because I'm normal and slightly arrogant. A lot of people don't like themselves and I happen to be totally in love with myself.
Love always brings difficulties, that is true, but the good side of it is that it gives energy.
But when women are moved and lend help, when women, who are by nature calm and controlled, give encouragement and applause, when virtuous and knowledgeable women grace the endeavor with their sweet love, then it is invincible.
You don't walk away if you love someone. You help the person.
My mother's love has always been a sustaining force for our family, and one of my greatest joys is seeing her integrity, her compassion, her intelligence reflected in my daughters.
Surround yourself with people who provide you with support and love and remember to give back as much as you can in return.
And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we're all sweating it - when we're worried that the bill won't pass, and it seems like all is lost - Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace.
I believe that love and laughter can only happen when one person takes the time to think about what would cause the other person to feel good.
I think careful cooking is love, don't you? The loveliest thing you can cook for someone who's close to you is about as nice a valentine as you can give.
In my life I've learned that true happiness comes from giving. Helping others along the way makes you evaluate who you are. I think that love is what we're all searching for. I haven't come across anyone who didn't become a better person through love.
Falling in love is awesome, but I'm never drawn to happy songs per se, so whenever you sit down to write a heartbreak song and you're happily in love, it's like, 'OK, now I have to go back to a sad place to get something good.'
I don't know if I believe in love at first sight, but of course I believe in two people having chemistry right away. A girl should be really easy to talk to. When I lose track of time because we've been talking, I think that's really fun.
Our scientific age demands that we provide definitions, measurements, and statistics in order to be taken seriously. Yet most of the important things in life cannot be precisely defined or measured. Can we define or measure love, beauty, friendship, or decency, for example?
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than You, and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
People discuss my art and pretend to understand as if it were necessary to understand, when it's simply necessary to love.
Home is the place we love best and grumble the most.
From the beginning, the camera and I were great friends. It loves me, and I love it.
I do take very good care of myself, and I'm always in love. And by that I mean I have an appetite for life. I'm in love with beauty and things and people and love and being in love, and those things I think, on the inside, show on the outside.
I'm a human being and I fall in love and sometimes I don't have control of every situation.
The Vietnamese people deeply love independence, freedom and peace. But in the face of United States aggression they have risen up, united as one man.
The return makes one love the farewell.
As selfishness and complaint pervert the mind, so love with its joy clears and sharpens the vision.
This is one of the miracles of love: It gives a power of seeing through its own enchantments and yet not being disenchanted.
Don't do anything by half. If you love someone, love them with all your soul. When you go to work, work your ass off. When you hate someone, hate them until it hurts.
I'm not saying that love always takes you to heaven. Your life can become a nightmare. But that said, it is worth taking the risk.
Americans love to fight. All real Americans love the sting of battle.
I say to people who care for people who are dying, if you really love that person and want to help them, be with them when their end comes close. Sit with them - you don't even have to talk. You don't have to do anything but really be there with them.
Love cannot endure indifference. It needs to be wanted. Like a lamp, it needs to be fed out of the oil of another's heart, or its flame burns low.
I love America more than any other country in this world, and, exactly for this reason, I insist on the right to criticize her perpetually.
Love: A temporary insanity curable by marriage.
You gotta love livin', baby, 'cause dyin' is a pain in the ass.
If you find someone you love in your life, then hang on to that love.
Unless you love someone, nothing else makes any sense.
Love is so short, forgetting is so long.
All happiness or unhappiness solely depends upon the quality of the object to which we are attached by love.
The more I know of the world, the more I am convinced that I shall never see a man whom I can really love.
Loving a child doesn't mean giving in to all his whims; to love him is to bring out the best in him, to teach him to love what is difficult.
I love when people underestimate me and then become pleasantly surprised.
To live in this world, you must be able to do three things: to love what is mortal; to hold it against your bones knowing your own life depends on it; and, when the time comes to let it go, to let it go.
To be able to love and live in freedom means to be able to make godly decisions. To make godly decisions we have to surrender our egos and all the falsity and shame that goes with it.
I always like to win. But I'm the big sister. I want to make sure she has everything, even if I don't have anything. It's hard. I love her too much. That's what counts.
When love and skill work together, expect a masterpiece.
To be fond of dancing was a certain step towards falling in love.
A lot of good love can happen in ten years.
Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value.
It's a deep and all but certain truth about narcissistic personalities that to meet them is to love them, but to know them well is to find them unbearable. Confidence quickly curdles into arrogance; smarts turn to smugness, charm turns to smarm.
I'd kiss a frog even if there was no promise of a Prince Charming popping out of it. I love frogs.
A woman has two smiles that an angel might envy, the smile that accepts a lover before words are uttered, and the smile that lights on the first born babe, and assures it of a mother's love.
I have great hopes that we shall love each other all our lives as much as if we had never married at all.
It's good for everyone to understand that they are to love their enemies, simply because your enemies show you things about yourself you need to change. So in actuality enemies are friends in reverse.
I am what I am. I love me! And I don't mean that egotistically - I love that God has allowed me to take whatever it was that I had and to make something out of it.
The garden of love is green without limit and yields many fruits other than sorrow or joy. Love is beyond either condition: without spring, without autumn, it is always fresh.
True love is selfless. It is prepared to sacrifice.
Suicide is a serious thing. And if you know anyone who is suicidal, you need to get them help. No one should be in pain. Everyone should love themselves.
Bad food is made without pride, by cooks who have no pride, and no love. Bad food is made by chefs who are indifferent, or who are trying to be everything to everybody, who are trying to please everyone... Bad food is fake food... food that shows fear and lack of confidence in people's ability to discern or to make decisions about their lives.
Children love and want to be loved and they very much prefer the joy of accomplishment to the triumph of hateful failure. Do not mistake a child for his symptom.
Do what you love and the money will follow.
To me, the Seventies were very inspirational and very influential... With my whole persona as Snoop Dogg, as a person, as a rapper. I just love the Seventies style, the way all the players dressed nice, you know, kept their hair looking good, drove sharp cars and they talked real slick.
My personal life is the same. At the end of the day, this is just a job. I love what I do, and it's a great job. But it's like my alter ego. There's Chris Brown the singer. And there's Christopher Brown, the down-home Tappahannock boy that plays video games and basketball and hangs out.
Times of transition are strenuous, but I love them. They are an opportunity to purge, rethink priorities, and be intentional about new habits. We can make our new normal any way we want.
The word 'hospitality' in the New Testament comes from two Greek words. The first word means 'love' and the second word means 'strangers.' It's a word that means love of strangers.
Although we have, in theory, abolished human slavery, recognized women's rights, and stopped child labor, we continue to enslave other species who, if we simply pay attention, show quite clearly that they experience parental love, pain, and the desire for freedom, just as we do.
Where love is, there God is also.
Give a child love, laughter and peace, not AIDS.
The sadness of the women's movement is that they don't allow the necessity of love. See, I don't personally trust any revolution where love is not allowed.
Men who think that a woman's past love affairs lessen her love for them are usually stupid and weak.
Because of a great love, one is courageous.
Guilt for being rich, and guilt thinking that perhaps love and peace isn't enough and you have to go and get shot or something.
Not necessity, not desire - no, the love of power is the demon of men. Let them have everything - health, food, a place to live, entertainment - they are and remain unhappy and low-spirited: for the demon waits and waits and will be satisfied.
It is necessary to fall in love... if only to provide an alibi for all the random despair you are going to feel anyway.
Love can consign us to hell or to paradise, but it always takes us somewhere.
Love is a trap. When it appears, we see only its light, not its shadows.
I never knew how to worship until I knew how to love.
Among those whom I like or admire, I can find no common denominator, but among those whom I love, I can: all of them make me laugh.
Nobody loves a woman because she is handsome or ugly, stupid or intelligent. We love because we love.
I love power. But it is as an artist that I love it. I love it as a musician loves his violin, to draw out its sounds and chords and harmonies.
Never pretend to a love which you do not actually feel, for love is not ours to command.
If fear is the great enemy of intimacy, love is its true friend.
Honesty does not always bring a response of love, but it is absolutely essential to it.
How can we live in harmony? First we need to know we are all madly in love with the same God.
I have felt cats rubbing their faces against mine and touching my cheek with claws carefully sheathed. These things, to me, are expressions of love.
Yes, love indeed is light from heaven; A spark of that immortal fire with angels shared, by Allah given to lift from earth our low desire.
Age does not protect you from love. But love, to some extent, protects you from age.
I love cats because I enjoy my home; and little by little, they become its visible soul.
If a man is truly in love, the most beautiful woman in the world couldn't take him away. Maybe for a few days, but not forever.
Death and love are the two wings that bear the good man to heaven.
If one of two lovers is loyal, and the other jealous and false, how may their friendship last, for Love is slain!
I can still love an ex as a person, regardless if the breakup was bad. I would never wish anything negative on them. It takes more energy to hate them than to wish them well.
In the Lord's Prayer, the first petition is for daily bread. No one can worship God or love his neighbor on an empty stomach.
Love bravely, live bravely, be courageous, there's really nothing to lose. There's no wrong you can't make right again, so be kinder to yourself, you know, have fun, take chances. There's no bounds.
Well, a girlfriend once told me never to fight with anybody you don't love.
Prayer is an act of love; words are not needed. Even if sickness distracts from thoughts, all that is needed is the will to love.
Cooking is like love. It should be entered into with abandon or not at all.
To believe in love, to be ready to give up anything for it, to be willing to risk your life for it, is the ultimate tragedy.
I love the confidence that makeup gives me.
I think it's important to remember that Christianity was based in love and tolerance and forgiveness and acceptance.
We must restore hope to young people, help the old, be open to the future, spread love. Be poor among the poor. We need to include the excluded and preach peace.
Everyone discusses my art and pretends to understand, as if it were necessary to understand, when it is simply necessary to love.
Love is flower like; Friendship is like a sheltering tree.
Being in love is the only transcendent experience.
I still love things that you don't even need to pay for. Going to the beach and being around five of your friends and having a good time means so much more than going out and spending hundreds of dollars.
I really just want to be warm yellow light that pours over everyone I love.
'Vote Love' means vote equality. It means vote change. It means vote what's right for humanity.
If baking is any labor at all, it's a labor of love. A love that gets passed from generation to generation.
Many people mistake our work for our vocation. Our vocation is the love of Jesus.
Women love us for our defects. If we have enough of them, they will forgive us everything, even our gigantic intellects.
The loss of young first love is so painful that it borders on the ludicrous.
I love the song 'I Hope You Dance' by Lee Ann Womack. I was going to write that song, but someone beat me to it.
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.
I wish people would love everybody else the way they love me. It would be a better world.
There is not enough love and goodness in the world to permit giving any of it away to imaginary beings.
Honestly, I'd love to be remembered as one of the best to ever pick up a mic, but if I'm doing my part to lessen some racial tension I feel good about what I'm doing.
When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes; when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not even our virtues.
I love producing. I am loving doing that. I think that is my most natural space in the business. I just love producing or editing and that's where I thrive.
If you love something let it go free. If it doesn't come back, you never had it. If it comes back, love it forever.
If you don't love me, it does not matter, anyway I can love for both of us.
This love is silent.
We love to expect, and when expectation is either disappointed or gratified, we want to be again expecting.
I love my son and am proud of my son.
Little children are still the symbol of the eternal marriage between love and duty.
A test of a people is how it behaves toward the old. It is easy to love children. Even tyrants and dictators make a point of being fond of children. But the affection and care for the old, the incurable, the helpless are the true gold mines of a culture.
We're never so vulnerable than when we trust someone - but paradoxically, if we cannot trust, neither can we find love or joy.
I love eating chocolate cake and ice cream after a show. I almost justify it in my mind as, 'You were a good boy onstage and you did your show, so now you can have some cake and ice cream.'
A lot of women don't know how to love because there's deep reasons for them not knowing how to love. And what I mean by deep reasons is deep and dark reasons.
Love involves a peculiar unfathomable combination of understanding and misunderstanding.
In the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.
I love you more than my own skin.
I live and love in God's peculiar light.
Love has its own instinct, finding the way to the heart, as the feeblest insect finds the way to its flower, with a will which nothing can dismay nor turn aside.
Falling out of love is chiefly a matter of forgetting how charming someone is.
We owe to the Middle Ages the two worst inventions of humanity - romantic love and gunpowder.
I've always said that one night, I'm going to find myself in some field somewhere, I'm standing on grass, and it's raining, and I'm with the person I love, and I know I'm at the very point I've been dreaming of getting to.
Love is understood, in a historical way, as one of the great human vocations - but its counterspell has always been infidelity. This terrible, terrible betrayal that can tear apart not only another person, not only oneself, but whole families.
The romantic love we feel toward the opposite sex is probably one extra help from God to bring you together, but that's it. All the rest of it, the true love, is the test.
Love will find its way through all languages on its own.
A dog will teach you unconditional love. If you can have that in your life, things won't be too bad.
Lust is temporary, romance can be nice, but love is the most important thing of all. Because without love, lust and romance will always be short-lived.
As soon as the land of any country has all become private property, the landlords, like all other men, love to reap where they never sowed, and demand a rent even for its natural produce.
We shouldn't teach great books; we should teach a love of reading.
There is a time for risky love. There is a time for extravagant gestures. There is a time to pour out your affections on one you love. And when the time comes - seize it, don't miss it.
They say marriage will change you but it didn't change me. Being in love changed me.
The moment I first heard love I gave up my soul, my heart, and my eyes.
Classic economic theory, based as it is on an inadequate theory of human motivation, could be revolutionized by accepting the reality of higher human needs, including the impulse to self actualization and the love for the highest values.
I like relationships and being in love, but I also like being single - you have to embrace all those different things.
True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist.
If you hear a voice within you say 'you cannot paint,' then by all means paint, and that voice will be silenced.
The highest art is always the most religious, and the greatest artist is always a devout person.
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls.
No great artist ever sees things as they really are. If he did, he would cease to be an artist.
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
A work of art is the unique result of a unique temperament.
The essence of all beautiful art, all great art, is gratitude.
Without tradition, art is a flock of sheep without a shepherd. Without innovation, it is a corpse.
Art is the most intense mode of individualism that the world has known.
Every artist was first an amateur.
Life imitates art far more than art imitates Life.
In art, the hand can never execute anything higher than the heart can imagine.
If art is to nourish the roots of our culture, society must set the artist free to follow his vision wherever it takes him.
Art enables us to find ourselves and lose ourselves at the same time.
We have art in order not to die of the truth.
Art is a step from what is obvious and well-known toward what is arcane and concealed.
This world is but a canvas to our imagination.
A guilty conscience needs to confess. A work of art is a confession.
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.
Pictures must not be too picturesque.
Art is the proper task of life.
Without art, the crudeness of reality would make the world unbearable.
If you do not breathe through writing, if you do not cry out in writing, or sing in writing, then don't write, because our culture has no use for it.
A picture is worth a thousand words.
An artist is not paid for his labor but for his vision.
Art is the only way to run away without leaving home.
Drawing is the honesty of the art. There is no possibility of cheating. It is either good or bad.
Art is not a thing; it is a way.
You don't take a photograph, you make it.
Without freedom, no art; art lives only on the restraints it imposes on itself, and dies of all others.
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures.
The beginning is the most important part of the work.
The sculptor produces the beautiful statue by chipping away such parts of the marble block as are not needed - it is a process of elimination.
Vision is the art of seeing what is invisible to others.
I found I could say things with color and shapes that I couldn't say any other way - things I had no words for.
Lying in bed would be an altogether perfect and supreme experience if only one had a colored pencil long enough to draw on the ceiling.
A picture is a poem without words.
Painting is easy when you don't know how, but very difficult when you do.
In art as in love, instinct is enough.
An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have.
Some painters transform the sun into a yellow spot, others transform a yellow spot into the sun.
The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spider's web.
A man paints with his brains and not with his hands.
A good painting to me has always been like a friend. It keeps me company, comforts and inspires.
Art, like morality, consists in drawing the line somewhere.
Personality is everything in art and poetry.
The essence of all art is to have pleasure in giving pleasure.
Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
The mediator of the inexpressible is the work of art.
Painting is just another way of keeping a diary.
In art the best is good enough.
Painting, n.: The art of protecting flat surfaces from the weather, and exposing them to the critic.
An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one.
Every human is an artist. The dream of your life is to make beautiful art.
Very few people possess true artistic ability. It is therefore both unseemly and unproductive to irritate the situation by making an effort. If you have a burning, restless urge to write or paint, simply eat something sweet and the feeling will pass.
Painting is an infinitely minute part of my personality.
All art is but imitation of nature.
One eye sees, the other feels.
I'm afraid that if you look at a thing long enough, it loses all of its meaning.
The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity.
The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection.
If we could but paint with the hand what we see with the eye.
Ads are the cave art of the twentieth century.
Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still.
Every production of an artist should be the expression of an adventure of his soul.
An artist never really finishes his work, he merely abandons it.
There is nothing worse than a sharp image of a fuzzy concept.
Art is not a study of positive reality, it is the seeking for ideal truth.
I don't want to be interesting. I want to be good.
Fine art is that in which the hand, the head, and the heart of man go together.
Art consists of limitation. The most beautiful part of every picture is the frame.
Fashion is only the attempt to realize art in living forms and social intercourse.
The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work.
A writer should write with his eyes and a painter paint with his ears.
Photograph: a picture painted by the sun without instruction in art.
Treat a work of art like a prince. Let it speak to you first.
An artist is a dreamer consenting to dream of the actual world.
To say that a work of art is good, but incomprehensible to the majority of men, is the same as saying of some kind of food that it is very good but that most people can't eat it.
Not everybody trusts paintings but people believe photographs.
The terrifying and edible beauty of Art Nouveau architecture.
When I judge art, I take my painting and put it next to a God made object like a tree or flower. If it clashes, it is not art.
Artists who seek perfection in everything are those who cannot attain it in anything.
Contrary to general belief, an artist is never ahead of his time but most people are far behind theirs.
To me, photography is the simultaneous recognition, in a fraction of a second, of the significance of an event.
Abstract art: a product of the untalented sold by the unprincipled to the utterly bewildered.
Art for art's sake is a philosophy of the well-fed.
Every good painter paints what he is.
Art is man's expression of his joy in labor.
Even a true artist does not always produce art.
Art is parasitic on life, just as criticism is parasitic on art.
The arts are an even better barometer of what is happening in our world than the stock market or the debates in congress.
Art, in itself, is an attempt to bring order out of chaos.
A great artist is always before his time or behind it.
Art begins with resistance - at the point where resistance is overcome. No human masterpiece has ever been created without great labor.
I cry out for order and find it only in art.
The artist produces for the liberation of his soul. It is his nature to create as it is the nature of water to run down the hill.
The history of art is the history of revivals.
What makes photography a strange invention is that its primary raw materials are light and time.
To send light into the darkness of men's hearts - such is the duty of the artist.
I have no fear of making changes, destroying the image, etc., because the painting has a life of its own.
Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression.
The very essence of the creative is its novelty, and hence we have no standard by which to judge it.
Rules and models destroy genius and art.
All art is autobiographical. The pearl is the oyster's autobiography.
What art offers is space - a certain breathing room for the spirit.
So vast is art, so narrow human wit.
My imagination can picture no fairer happiness than to continue living for art.
Immature artists imitate. Mature artists steal.
Trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle.
Advertising is the greatest art form of the 20th century.
Art is the daughter of freedom.
To make us feel small in the right way is a function of art; men can only make us feel small in the wrong way.
The waking mind is the least serviceable in the arts.
The artist belongs to his work, not the work to the artist.
Pictures deface walls more often than they decorate them.
The task of art today is to bring chaos into order.
Art produces ugly things which frequently become more beautiful with time. Fashion, on the other hand, produces beautiful things which always become ugly with time.
Of all lies, art is the least untrue.
Art is science made clear.
The moment you cheat for the sake of beauty, you know you're an artist.
I don't paint things. I only paint the difference between things.
Art is the right hand of Nature. The latter has only given us being, the former has made us men.
Every artist writes his own autobiography.
Lesser artists borrow, great artists steal.
I've been called many names like perfectionist, difficult and obsessive. I think it takes obsession, takes searching for the details for any artist to be good.
The principles of true art is not to portray, but to evoke.
I don't think there's any artist of any value who doesn't doubt what they're doing.
Art is magic delivered from the lie of being truth.
Art is either plagiarism or revolution.
Great art picks up where nature ends.
The business of art is to reveal the relation between man and his environment.
Works of art, in my opinion, are the only objects in the material universe to possess internal order, and that is why, though I don't believe that only art matters, I do believe in Art for Art's sake.
To an engineer, good enough means perfect. With an artist, there's no such thing as perfect.
Art is the stored honey of the human soul, gathered on wings of misery and travail.
The perfection of art is to conceal art.
When I work, and in my art, I hold hands with God.
A sculptor is a person who is interested in the shape of things, a poet in words, a musician by sounds.
Wherever art appears, life disappears.
My hand is the extension of the thinking process - the creative process.
Drawing is like making an expressive gesture with the advantage of permanence.
The creative act lasts but a brief moment, a lightning instant of give-and-take, just long enough for you to level the camera and to trap the fleeting prey in your little box.
Art is a revolt against fate. All art is a revolt against man's fate.
I like to pretend that my art has nothing to do with me.
Every other artist begins with a blank canvas, a piece of paper the photographer begins with the finished product.
I've never really had a hobby, unless you count art, which the IRS once told me I had to declare as a hobby since I hadn't made money with it.
My painting does not come from the easel.
Time extracts various values from a painter's work. When these values are exhausted the pictures are forgotten, and the more a picture has to give, the greater it is.
The artist's world is limitless. It can be found anywhere, far from where he lives or a few feet away. It is always on his doorstep.
The beauty one can find in art is one of the pitifully few real and lasting products of human endeavor.
I choose a block of marble and chop off whatever I don't need.
The writer, when he is also an artist, is someone who admits what others don't dare reveal.
Modern art is what happens when painters stop looking at girls and persuade themselves that they have a better idea.
Artists don't make objects. Artists make mythologies.
Trying to force creativity is never good.
The principle of art is to pause, not bypass.
The artist who aims at perfection in everything achieves it in nothing.
To make pictures big is to make them more powerful.
The artist one day falls through a hole in the brambles, and from that moment he is following the dark rapids of an underground river which may sometimes flow so near to the surface that the laughing picnic parties are heard above.
All great art is born of the metropolis.
My love of fine art increased - the more of it I saw, the more of it I wanted to see.
I think an artist's responsibility is more complex than people realize.
Art hurts. Art urges voyages - and it is easier to stay at home.
When I think of art I think of beauty. Beauty is the mystery of life. It is not in the eye it is in the mind. In our minds there is awareness of perfection.
That's the motivation of an artist - to seek attention of some kind.
I think about my work every minute of the day.
Mournful and yet grand is the destiny of the artist.
Beauty in art is often nothing but ugliness subdued.
The works must be conceived with fire in the soul but executed with clinical coolness.
Painting is by nature a luminous language.
Photography is a major force in explaining man to man.
Vitality is radiated from exceptional art and architecture.
Vision is the true creative rhythm.
Art doesn't transform. It just plain forms.
You begin with the possibilities of the material.
Rationalism is the enemy of art, though necessary as a basis for architecture.
Art is nature speeded up and God slowed down.
Every time a student walks past a really urgent, expressive piece of architecture that belongs to his college, it can help reassure him that he does have that mind, does have that soul.
In an artwork you're always looking for artistic decisions, so an ashtray is perfect. An ashtray has got life and death.
The more horrifying this world becomes, the more art becomes abstract.
A painting that is well composed is half finished.
Art is the desire of a man to express himself, to record the reactions of his personality to the world he lives in.
Artists themselves are not confined, but their output is.
Light in Nature creates the movement of colors.
Art in Nature is rhythmic and has a horror of constraint.
Art is an invention of aesthetics, which in turn is an invention of philosophers... What we call art is a game.
No heirloom of humankind captures the past as do art and language.
Murals in restaurants are on a par with the food in museums.
Art is subject to arbitrary fashion.
Art is the unceasing effort to compete with the beauty of flowers - and never succeeding.
It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance and I know of no substitute whatever for the force and beauty of its process.
The history of modern art is also the history of the progressive loss of art's audience. Art has increasingly become the concern of the artist and the bafflement of the public.
It is a mistake for a sculptor or a painter to speak or write very often about his job. It releases tension needed for his work.
When I make art, I think about its ability to connect with others, to bring them into the process.
When that shutter clicks, anything else that can be done afterward is not worth consideration.
Culture is the arts elevated to a set of beliefs.
If a building becomes architecture, then it is art.
Art ought never to be considered except in its relations with its ideal beauty.
I realize that protest paintings are not exactly in vogue, but I've done many.
I was the least Pop of all the Pop artists.
I paint with shapes.
I'm not gonna give the British Government the joy of keeping taxing me. They don't tax art. And all my cars are just a collection of art.
I think of my peace paintings as one long poem, with each painting being a single stanza.
My attitude towards drawing is not necessarily about drawing. It's about making the best kind of image I can make, it's about talking as clearly as I can.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things that give value to survival.
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it.
Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit.
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.
Beautiful music is the art of the prophets that can calm the agitations of the soul; it is one of the most magnificent and delightful presents God has given us.
The art of love is largely the art of persistence.
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting.
Art is never finished, only abandoned.
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it.
Where the spirit does not work with the hand, there is no art.
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than they who produce them; for these only gave them life, those the art of living well.
The hours I spend with you I look upon as sort of a perfumed garden, a dim twilight, and a fountain singing to it. You and you alone make me feel that I am alive. Other men it is said have seen angels, but I have seen thee and thou art enough.
The art of war is simple enough. Find out where your enemy is. Get at him as soon as you can. Strike him as hard as you can, and keep moving on.
Next to the Word of God, the noble art of music is the greatest treasure in the world.
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.
A work of art which did not begin in emotion is not art.
The most beautiful thing we can experience is the mysterious. It is the source of all true art and science.
Good management is the art of making problems so interesting and their solutions so constructive that everyone wants to get to work and deal with them.
Diversity: the art of thinking independently together.
Even in literature and art, no man who bothers about originality will ever be original: whereas if you simply try to tell the truth (without caring twopence how often it has been told before) you will, nine times out of ten, become original without ever having noticed it.
Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
The mother art is architecture. Without an architecture of our own we have no soul of our own civilization.
Photography is more than a medium for factual communication of ideas. It is a creative art.
The greatness of art is not to find what is common but what is unique.
To me, photography is an art of observation. It's about finding something interesting in an ordinary place... I've found it has little to do with the things you see and everything to do with the way you see them.
Art does not reproduce what we see; rather, it makes us see.
Design is the method of putting form and content together. Design, just as art, has multiple definitions; there is no single definition. Design can be art. Design can be aesthetics. Design is so simple, that's why it is so complicated.
Advertising is the art of convincing people to spend money they don't have for something they don't need.
The human foot is a masterpiece of engineering and a work of art.
Life is the art of drawing without an eraser.
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.
Riding a race bike is an art - a thing that you do because you feel something inside.
Don't only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets; art deserves that, for it and knowledge can raise man to the Divine.
Creative without strategy is called 'art.' Creative with strategy is called 'advertising.'
All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on.
Art is anything people do with distinction.
Art is too serious to be taken seriously.
In general, the art of government consists of taking as much money as possible from one class of citizens to give to another.
Tact is the art of making a point without making an enemy.
Errors are not in the art but in the artificers.
Well, Art is Art, isn't it? Still, on the other hand, water is water. And east is east and west is west and if you take cranberries and stew them like applesauce they taste much more like prunes than rhubarb does. Now you tell me what you know.
'Crazy' is a term of art; 'Insane' is a term of law. Remember that, and you will save yourself a lot of trouble.
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.
You must not fight too often with one enemy, or you will teach him all your art of war.
I consider skateboarding an art form, a lifestyle and a sport. 'Action sport' would be the least offensive categorization.
The art of medicine consists in amusing the patient while nature cures the disease.
Originality is the fine art of remembering what you hear but forgetting where you heard it.
The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes.
I started to make a study of the art of war and revolution and, whilst abroad, underwent a course in military training. If there was to be guerrilla warfare, I wanted to be able to stand and fight with my people and to share the hazards of war with them.
A fool's brain digests philosophy into folly, science into superstition, and art into pedantry. Hence University education.
Music happens to be an art form that transcends language.
A great city, whose image dwells in the memory of man, is the type of some great idea. Rome represents conquest; Faith hovers over the towers of Jerusalem; and Athens embodies the pre-eminent quality of the antique world, Art.
The art of simplicity is a puzzle of complexity.
Envy is the art of counting the other fellow's blessings instead of your own.
The art of living is more like wrestling than dancing.
I think it's pretentious to create art just for the sake of stroking the artists ego.
The art of acceptance is the art of making someone who has just done you a small favor wish that he might have done you a greater one.
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.
It is after all the greatest art to limit and isolate oneself.
Great art is as irrational as great music. It is mad with its own loveliness.
The art of healing comes from nature, not from the physician. Therefore the physician must start from nature, with an open mind.
One of the most amazing things about mathematics is the people who do math aren't usually interested in application, because mathematics itself is truly a beautiful art form. It's structures and patterns, and that's what we love, and that's what we get off on.
Art cannot be modern. Art is primordially eternal.
A man's work is nothing but this slow trek to rediscover, through the detours of art, those two or three great and simple images in whose presence his heart first opened.
Were I called on to define, very briefly, the term Art, I should call it 'the reproduction of what the Senses perceive in Nature through the veil of the soul.' The mere imitation, however accurate, of what is in Nature, entitles no man to the sacred name of 'Artist.'
Mild autism can give you a genius like Einstein. If you have severe autism, you could remain nonverbal. You don't want people to be on the severe end of the spectrum. But if you got rid of all the autism genetics, you wouldn't have science or art. All you would have is a bunch of social 'yak yaks.'
To say nothing, especially when speaking, is half the art of diplomacy.
What I dream of is an art of balance, of purity and serenity devoid of troubling or depressing subject matter - a soothing, calming influence on the mind, rather like a good armchair which provides relaxation from physical fatigue.
Where thou art, that is home.
Art is pattern informed by sensibility.
It is the function of art to renew our perception. What we are familiar with we cease to see. The writer shakes up the familiar scene, and, as if by magic, we see a new meaning in it.
The art of being happy lies in the power of extracting happiness from common things.
One does not need buildings, money, power, or status to practice the Art of Peace. Heaven is right where you are standing, and that is the place to train.
There is nothing in the world of art like the songs mother used to sing.
Pop Art looks out into the world. It doesn't look like a painting of something, it looks like the thing itself.
Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for it trains people as to how they shall think.
The whole art of teaching is only the art of awakening the natural curiosity of young minds for the purpose of satisfying it afterwards.
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art.
In life, as in art, the beautiful moves in curves.
Wherever the art of medicine is loved, there is also a love of humanity.
Find a beautiful piece of art. If you fall in love with Van Gogh or Matisse or John Oliver Killens, or if you fall love with the music of Coltrane, the music of Aretha Franklin, or the music of Chopin - find some beautiful art and admire it, and realize that that was created by human beings just like you, no more human, no less.
Art begins in imitation and ends in innovation.
Art teaches nothing, except the significance of life.
You use a glass mirror to see your face; you use works of art to see your soul.
A work of art is above all an adventure of the mind.
All architecture is great architecture after sunset; perhaps architecture is really a nocturnal art, like the art of fireworks.
Art is not what you see, but what you make others see.
The art of acting consists in keeping people from coughing.
I never called my work an 'art'. It's part of show business, the business of building entertainment.
Art is a lie that makes us realize truth.
I think art is the only thing that's spiritual in the world. And I refuse to forced to believe in other people's interpretations of God. I don't think anybody should be. No one person can own the copyright to what God means.
Every bit of me is devoted to love and art. And I aspire to try to be a teacher to my young fans who feel just like I felt when I was younger. I just felt like a freak. I guess what I'm trying to say is I'm trying to liberate them, I want to free them of their fears and make them feel that they can make their own space in the world.
Logic: The art of thinking and reasoning in strict accordance with the limitations and incapacities of the human misunderstanding.
Architecture is the art of how to waste space.
In our life there is a single color, as on an artist's palette, which provides the meaning of life and art. It is the color of love.
It is not up to me whether I win or lose. Ultimately, this might not be my day. And it is that philosophy towards sports, something that I really truly live by. I am emotional. I want to win. I am hungry. I am a competitor. I have that fire. But deep down, I truly enjoy the art of competing so much more than the result.
The art of teaching is the art of assisting discovery.
I do not know what the spirit of a philosopher could more wish to be than a good dancer. For the dance is his ideal, also his fine art, finally also the only kind of piety he knows, his 'divine service.'
Art is always and everywhere the secret confession, and at the same time the immortal movement of its time.
Language is a social art.
To say the word Romanticism is to say modern art - that is, intimacy, spirituality, color, aspiration towards the infinite, expressed by every means available to the arts.
Vulnerability is the essence of romance. It's the art of being uncalculated, the willingness to look foolish, the courage to say, 'This is me, and I'm interested in you enough to show you my flaws with the hope that you may embrace me for all that I am but, more important, all that I am not.'
Speak the truth, do not yield to anger; give, if thou art asked for little; by these three steps thou wilt go near the gods.
Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie' until you can find a rock.
Yes, the Bible should be taught in our schools because it is necessary to understand the Bible if we are to truly understand our own culture and how it came to be. The Bible has influenced every part of western culture from our art, music, and history, to our sense of fairness, charity, and business.
Science fiction is any idea that occurs in the head and doesn't exist yet, but soon will, and will change everything for everybody, and nothing will ever be the same again. As soon as you have an idea that changes some small part of the world you are writing science fiction. It is always the art of the possible, never the impossible.
People discuss my art and pretend to understand as if it were necessary to understand, when it's simply necessary to love.
In mathematics the art of proposing a question must be held of higher value than solving it.
Medicine is not only a science; it is also an art. It does not consist of compounding pills and plasters; it deals with the very processes of life, which must be understood before they may be guided.
For as long as I can remember I have suffered from a deep feeling of anxiety which I have tried to express in my art.
I wash my hands of those who imagine chattering to be knowledge, silence to be ignorance, and affection to be art.
Religion is essentially the art and the theory of the remaking of man. Man is not a finished creation.
Passion is universal humanity. Without it religion, history, romance and art would be useless.
There are no contests in the Art of Peace. A true warrior is invincible because he or she contests with nothing. Defeat means to defeat the mind of contention that we harbor within.
Simplicity and repose are the qualities that measure the true value of any work of art.
Rhetoric is the art of ruling the minds of men.
To catch a husband is an art; to hold him is a job.
Art is not a handicraft, it is the transmission of feeling the artist has experienced.
Dear God! how beauty varies in nature and art. In a woman the flesh must be like marble; in a statue the marble must be like flesh.
There is no abstract art. You must always start with something. Afterward you can remove all traces of reality.
Modesty: the gentle art of enhancing your charm by pretending not to be aware of it.
Space is the breath of art.
Everyone discusses my art and pretends to understand, as if it were necessary to understand, when it is simply necessary to love.
What the mass media offers is not popular art, but entertainment which is intended to be consumed like food, forgotten, and replaced by a new dish.
Advertising is fundamentally persuasion and persuasion happens to be not a science, but an art.
Animation is not the art of drawings that move but the art of movements that are drawn.
I don't think art is propaganda; it should be something that liberates the soul, provokes the imagination and encourages people to go further. It celebrates humanity instead of manipulating it.
It is through art, and through art only, that we can realise our perfection.
Politics is the art of controlling your environment.
Music is the art of the prophets and the gift of God.
In the practical art of war, the best thing of all is to take the enemy's country whole and intact; to shatter and destroy it is not so good.
Ethics is in origin the art of recommending to others the sacrifices required for cooperation with oneself.
I think having land and not ruining it is the most beautiful art that anybody could ever want to own.
The art of living well and the art of dying well are one.
O, thou art fairer than the evening air clad in the beauty of a thousand stars.
The beginning of a friendship, the fact that two people out of the thousands around them can meet and connect and become friends, seems like a kind of magic to me. But maintaining a friendship requires work. I don't mean that as a bad thing. Good art requires work as well.
Music is your own experience, your own thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn. They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art.
I am a walking piece of art every day, with my dreams and my ambitions forward at all times in an effort to inspire my fans to lead their life in that way.
When I am finishing a picture, I hold some God-made object up to it - a rock, a flower, the branch of a tree or my hand - as a final test. If the painting stands up beside a thing man cannot make, the painting is authentic. If there's a clash between the two, it's bad art.
History repeats itself, but the special call of an art which has passed away is never reproduced. It is as utterly gone out of the world as the song of a destroyed wild bird.
I have never denied my background or my culture. I have taught my child to embrace her Mexican heritage, to love my first language, Spanish, to learn about Mexican history, music, folk art, food, and even the Mexican candy I grew up with.
I regard the theatre as the greatest of all art forms, the most immediate way in which a human being can share with another the sense of what it is to be a human being.
No movie has ever been able to provide a catharsis for the Holocaust, and I suspect none will ever be able to provide one for 9/11. Such subjects overwhelm art.
There's no art to find the mind's construction in the face.
If being an egomaniac means I believe in what I do and in my art or music, then in that respect you can call me that... I believe in what I do, and I'll say it.
Thou must be emptied of that wherewith thou art full, that thou mayest be filled with that whereof thou art empty.
Art has the power to transform, to illuminate, to educate, inspire and motivate.
Life is not an exact science, it is an art.
I am a poor man and of little worth, who is laboring in that art that God has given me in order to extend my life as long as possible.
Diplomacy: the art of restraining power.
I am not a great cook, I am not a great artist, but I love art, and I love food, so I am the perfect traveller.
Let each man exercise the art he knows.
The art challenges the technology, and the technology inspires the art.
Education is the art of making man ethical.
The art of pleasing is the art of deception.
Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art.
The body is your instrument in dance, but your art is outside that creature, the body.
The art of effective listening is essential to clear communication, and clear communication is necessary to management success.
The art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge.
Film editing is now something almost everyone can do at a simple level and enjoy it, but to take it to a higher level requires the same dedication and persistence that any art form does.
As I grew older, I realized that it was much better to insist on the genuine forms of nature, for simplicity is the greatest adornment of art.
Art evokes the mystery without which the world would not exist.
This is part of the involuntary bargain we make with the world just by being alive. We get to experiences the splendor of nature, the beauty of art, the balm of love and the sheer joy of existence, always with the knowledge that illness, injury, natural disaster, or pure evil can end it in an instant for ourselves or someone we love.
If Antarctica were music it would be Mozart. Art, and it would be Michelangelo. Literature, and it would be Shakespeare. And yet it is something even greater; the only place on earth that is still as it should be. May we never tame it.
When you create art, the world has to wait.
Bullfighting is the only art in which the artist is in danger of death and in which the degree of brilliance in the performance is left to the fighter's honor.
Democracy is the art and science of running the circus from the monkey cage.
Art is making something out of nothing and selling it.
The art of life is to know how to enjoy a little and to endure very much.
I think music is the greatest art form that exists, and I think people listen to music for different reasons, and it serves different purposes. Some of it is background music, and some of it is things that might affect a person's day, if not their life, or change an attitude. The best songs are the ones that make you feel something.
Parents are usually more careful to bestow knowledge on their children rather than virtue, the art of speaking well rather than doing well; but their manners should be of the greatest concern.
A race is a work of art that people can look at and be affected in as many ways they're capable of understanding.
The most seductive thing about art is the personality of the artist himself.
My philosophy is that I'm an artist. I perform an art not with a paint brush or a camera. I perform with bodily movement. Instead of exhibiting my art in a museum or a book or on canvas, I exhibit my art in front of the multitudes.
Like music and art, love of nature is a common language that can transcend political or social boundaries.
Medicine is a science of uncertainty and an art of probability.
Love the art in yourself and not yourself in the art.
Football is an art, like dancing is an art - but only when it's well done does it become an art.
Art is the most beautiful deception of all. And although people try to incorporate the everyday events of life in it, we must hope that it will remain a deception lest it become a utilitarian thing, sad as a factory.
The real art of conducting consists in transitions.
Building art is a synthesis of life in materialised form. We should try to bring in under the same hat not a splintered way of thinking, but all in harmony together.
Art never seems to make me peaceful or pure.
It's very important that we re-learn the art of resting and relaxing. Not only does it help prevent the onset of many illnesses that develop through chronic tension and worrying; it allows us to clear our minds, focus, and find creative solutions to problems.
Art to me is a humanitarian act and I believe that there is a responsibility that art should somehow be able to effect mankind, to make the word a better place.
Architecture is a visual art, and the buildings speak for themselves.
The moment you think you understand a great work of art, it's dead for you.
What we have to do, what at any rate it is our duty to do, is to revive the old art of Lying.
Truly fertile Music, the only kind that will move us, that we shall truly appreciate, will be a Music conducive to Dream, which banishes all reason and analysis. One must not wish first to understand and then to feel. Art does not tolerate Reason.
Art is not a treasure in the past or an importation from another land, but part of the present life of all living and creating peoples.
Sculpture is the art of the intelligence.
The art of life is to live in the present moment, and to make that moment as perfect as we can by the realization that we are the instruments and expression of God Himself.
Life doesn't imitate art, it imitates bad television.
To do a dull thing with style-now that's what I call art.
To injure an opponent is to injure yourself. To control aggression without inflicting injury is the Art of Peace.
It's clever, but is it Art?
Religion and art spring from the same root and are close kin. Economics and art are strangers.
What is comedy? Comedy is the art of making people laugh without making them puke.
Politics is the art of choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
Love and business and family and religion and art and patriotism are nothing but shadows of words when a man's starving!
Courtesy is a silver lining around the dark clouds of civilization; it is the best part of refinement and in many ways, an art of heroic beauty in the vast gallery of man's cruelty and baseness.
Great art is the outward expression of an inner life in the artist, and this inner life will result in his personal vision of the world.
If we know the divine art of concentration, if we know the divine art of meditation, if we know the divine art of contemplation, easily and consciously we can unite the inner world and the outer world.
Controversy is part of the nature of art and creativity.
The art of a people is a true mirror to their minds.
Cinema is still a very young art form with extraordinary techniques and very impressive special effects but sometimes it seems the soul has been taken out of things.
It has taken me years of struggle, hard work and research to learn to make one simple gesture, and I know enough about the art of writing to realize that it would take as many years of concentrated effort to write one simple, beautiful sentence.
I try to give people a different way of looking at their surroundings. That's art to me.
It'll be the Internet and piracy that will kill film. There's a philosophy that the Internet should be free, but the reality is that piracy will destroy the film industry and film as an art form because it's expensive to make a movie. Maybe you'll have funky little independent movies, and it'll go back and then start up again some other way.
I will never forget experiencing Venice for the first time. It feels like you are transported to another time - the art, music, food and pure romance in the air is like no other place.
For me, acting is about the art of it and it's about being on a film set and doing your thing, painting a blank canvas.
Admiration for a quality or an art can be so strong that it deters us from striving to possess it.
The web, then, or the pattern, a web at once sensuous and logical, an elegant and pregnant texture: that is style, that is the foundation of the art of literature.
We're going to shoot one Polaroid per show. I'm going to sign this before it even develops because I know that once it develops with my signature on it, it's worth a fortune. I'll make this a work of magic warlock art.
Art is the elimination of the unnecessary.
Art is not the application of a canon of beauty but what the instinct and the brain can conceive beyond any canon. When we love a woman we don't start measuring her limbs.
Surely all art is the result of one's having been in danger, of having gone through an experience all the way to the end, where no one can go any further.
The great art of life is sensation, to feel that we exist, even in pain.
Only through art can we emerge from ourselves and know what another person sees.
Patience is the art of hoping.
In a decaying society, art, if it is truthful, must also reflect decay. And unless it wants to break faith with its social function, art must show the world as changeable. And help to change it.
He who would do good to another must do it in Minute Particulars: general Good is the plea of the scoundrel, hypocrite, and flatterer, for Art and Science cannot exist but in minutely organized Particulars.
Dying is an art, like everything else. I do it exceptionally well. I do it so it feels like hell. I do it so it feels real. I guess you could say I've a call.
The foundation of empire is art and science. Remove them or degrade them, and the empire is no more. Empire follows art and not vice versa as Englishmen suppose.
Memory is a great artist. For every man and for every woman it makes the recollection of his or her life a work of art and an unfaithful record.
Art is what you can get away with.
Life is short, the art long.
Irresponsibility is part of the pleasure of all art; it is the part the schools cannot recognize.
One of the interesting things here is that the people who should be shaping the future are politicians. But the political framework itself is so dead and closed that people look to other sources, like artists, because art and music allow people a certain freedom.
Visual art and writing don't exist on an aesthetic hierarchy that positions one above the other, because each is capable of things the other can't do at all. Sometimes one picture is equal to 30 pages of discourse, just as there are things images are completely incapable of communicating.
Art! Who comprehends her? With whom can one consult concerning this great goddess?
Diplomacy, n. is the art of letting somebody else have your way.
Simplicity is the final achievement. After one has played a vast quantity of notes and more notes, it is simplicity that emerges as the crowning reward of art.
Literature is the art of discovering something extraordinary about ordinary people, and saying with ordinary words something extraordinary.
History has remembered the kings and warriors, because they destroyed; art has remembered the people, because they created.
Becoming emancipated at 14, my life wasn't normal. I didn't have to go to school, so I didn't. I was rebellious by nature. I spent my 20s focusing on my company, Flower Films, and producing movies. Now that I'm almost 30, I would like to try other things in lie. I'm crazy about photography, and I want to take an art history class.
If you cannot learn to love real art, at least learn to hate sham art and reject it.
You can understand nothing about art, particularly modern art, if you do not understand that imagination is a value in itself.
I began doing writing projects and art and design projects to explore a new way of seeing Canada. Roots is one more way of continuing this exploration. I want to present a wide-open Canadian sense of color, adventure, communication and openness that defines our country.
The interpretation of dreams is a great art.
Raising children is a creative endeavor, an art rather than a science.
Teaching is an art and a profession requiring years of training.
Good art provides people with a vocabulary about things they can't articulate.
Summer is a great time to visit art museums, which offer the refreshing rinse of swimming pools - only instead of cool water, you immerse yourself in art.
One's art goes as far and as deep as one's love goes.
Too often, complaint is not about principled objection on moral grounds, but opportunistic objection on grounds of self-interest. To rectify this, we need to work on mastering the art of complaint.
I think it is in collaboration that the nature of art is revealed.
Discipline in art is a fundamental struggle to understand oneself, as much as to understand what one is drawing.
One must do the same subject over again ten times, a hundred times. In art nothing must resemble an accident, not even movement.
Language, after all, is only the use of symbols, and Art also can only affect us through symbols.
It is essential to do everything possible to attract young people to opera so they can see that it is not some antiquated art form but a repository of the most glorious music and drama that man has created.
There are no rules. That is how art is born, how breakthroughs happen. Go against the rules or ignore the rules. That is what invention is about.
Fine art is knowledge made visible.
Art is nothing if you don't reach every segment of the people.
Art can only be truly art by presenting an adequate outward symbol of some fact in the interior life.
My art is an attempt to reach beyond the surface appearance. I want to see growth in wood, time in stone, nature in a city, and I do not mean its parks but a deeper understanding that a city is nature too-the ground upon which it is built, the stone with which it is made.
Poetry is the art of creating imaginary gardens with real toads.
I don't believe in the school of hard knocks, although I've had them. All that stuff about whatever doesn't kill you makes you stronger is so not true. Do you know what makes you stronger? When people treat you and your art with dignity.
People think that computer science is the art of geniuses but the actual reality is the opposite, just many people doing things that build on eachother, like a wall of mini stones.
Nothing is art if it does not come from nature.
The wonders of the Grand Canyon cannot be adequately represented in symbols of speech, nor by speech itself. The resources of the graphic art are taxed beyond their powers in attempting to portray its features. Language and illustration combined must fail.
As an architect, you have to provide a shelter to enjoy art. And you have to love art. It's like when you make a concert hall. You must love music. This is the reason why you make the space, to enjoy music - making a space for art is the same thing.
Sleeping is no mean art: for its sake one must stay awake all day.
Every art and every inquiry, and similarly every action and choice, is thought to aim at some good; and for this reason the good has rightly been declared to be that at which all things aim.
Art is the beautiful way of doing things. Science is the effective way of doing things. Business is the economic way of doing things.
The person who knows one thing and does it better than anyone else, even if it only be the art of raising lentils, receives the crown he merits. If he raises all his energy to that end, he is a benefactor of mankind and its rewarded as such.
I have made an art form of the interview. The French are the best interviewers, despite their addiction to the triad, like all Cartesians.
The art of motherhood involves much silent, unobtrusive self-denial, an hourly devotion which finds no detail too minute.
All great art is the work of the whole living creature, body and soul, and chiefly of the soul.
Art can never exist without naked beauty displayed.
We are all hungry and thirsty for concrete images. Abstract art will have been good for one thing: to restore its exact virginity to figurative art.
Progressive art can assist people to learn not only about the objective forces at work in the society in which they live, but also about the intensely social character of their interior lives. Ultimately, it can propel people toward social emancipation.
Land really is the best art.
Great art is the contempt of a great man for small art.
Art is an attempt to integrate evil.
It is art that makes life, makes interest, makes importance... and I know of no substitute whatever for the force and beauty of its process.
The educator must believe in the potential power of his pupil, and he must employ all his art in seeking to bring his pupil to experience this power.
Art teaches you the philosophy of life, and if you can't learn it from art, you can't learn it at all. It shows you that there is no perfection. There is light, and there is shadow. Everything is in half tint.
There are worlds of experience beyond the world of the aggressive man, beyond history, and beyond science. The moods and qualities of nature and the revelations of great art are equally difficult to define; we can grasp them only in the depths of our perceptive spirit.
I think most art comes out of poverty and hard times.
I don't think about art when I'm working. I try to think about life.
Art has to move you and design does not, unless it's a good design for a bus.
It is veneer, rouge, aestheticism, art museums, new theaters, etc. that make America impotent. The good things are football, kindness, and jazz bands.
I do not want art for a few any more than education for a few, or freedom for a few.
I see no reason why the artistic world can't absolutely merge with Madison Avenue. Pop art is a move in that direction. Why can't we have advertisements with beautiful words and beautiful images?
I don't believe in art. I believe in artists.
The artist must create a spark before he can make a fire and before art is born, the artist must be ready to be consumed by the fire of his own creation.
We work in the dark - we do what we can - we give what we have. Our doubt is our passion and our passion is our task. The rest is the madness of art.
Art is a harmony parallel with nature.
There's a lot of thought in art. People get to talk about important things. There's a lot of sex, you know, in art. There's a lot of naked women and men, and there's intrigue, there's fakery. It's a real microcosm of the larger world.
Censorship is to art as lynching is to justice.
A compromise is the art of dividing a cake in such a way that everyone believes he has the biggest piece.
So long as the system of competition in the production and exchange of the means of life goes on, the degradation of the arts will go on; and if that system is to last for ever, then art is doomed, and will surely die; that is to say, civilization will die.
I do not regard advertising as entertainment or an art form, but as a medium of information.
The sole substitute for an experience which we have not ourselves lived through is art and literature.
Reading is an art form, and every man can be an artist.
Works of art make rules; rules do not make works of art.
The web of life is a beautiful and meaningless dance. The web of life is a process with a moving goal. The web of life is a perfectly finished work of art right where I am sitting now.
There is no more difficult art to acquire than the art of observation, and for some men it is quite as difficult to record an observation in brief and plain language.
I love having my hands in the dirt. It is never a science and always an art. There are no rules. And if it comes down to me versus that weed I'm trying to pull out of the ground that doesn't want to come out? I know I'll win.
Creative output, you know, is just pain. I'm going to be cliche for a minute and say that great art comes from pain.
Art is the imposing of a pattern on experience, and our aesthetic enjoyment is recognition of the pattern.
Art is magic... But how is it magic? In its metaphysical development? Or does some final transformation culminate in a magic reality? In truth, the latter is impossible without the former. If creation is not magic, the outcome cannot be magic.
Teachers believe they have a gift for giving; it drives them with the same irrepressible drive that drives others to create a work of art or a market or a building.
Design in art, is a recognition of the relation between various things, various elements in the creative flux. You can't invent a design. You recognize it, in the fourth dimension. That is, with your blood and your bones, as well as with your eyes.
'Summer of Love: Art of the Psychedelic Era,' the Whitney Museum's 40th-anniversary trip down counterculture memory lane, provides moments of buzzy fun, but it'll leave you only comfortably numb. For starters, it may be the whitest, straightest, most conservative show seen in a New York museum since psychedelia was new.
The art of storytelling is reaching its end because the epic side of truth, wisdom, is dying out.
I have discovered the art of deceiving diplomats. I tell them the truth and they never believe me.
The public needs art - and it is the responsibility of a 'self-proclaimed artist' to realize that the public needs art, and not to make bourgeois art for a few and ignore the masses.
All art is erotic.
Pitching is the art of instilling fear.
Extreme complication is contrary to art.
I mean, making art is about objectifying your experience of the world, transforming the flow of moments into something visual, or textual, or musical, whatever. Art creates a kind of commentary.
In my art, I deconstruct and then I reconstruct, so visual perception is one of my primary interests.
Art is eternal, but life is short.
If a man devotes himself to art, much evil is avoided that happens otherwise if one is idle.
I think we're much smarter than we were. Everybody knows that abstract art can be art, and most people know that they may not like it, even if they understand there's another purpose to it.
I used to go and flatten my nose against that window and absorb all I could of his art. It changed my life. I saw art then as I wanted to see it.
With few exceptions, music has been for some centuries the art which has devoted itself not to the reproduction of natural phenomena, but rather to the expression of the artist's soul, in musical sound.
A painter, who finds no satisfaction in mere representation, however artistic, in his longing to express his inner life, cannot but envy the ease with which music, the most non-material of the arts today, achieves this end. He naturally seeks to apply the methods of music to his own art.
For art to exist, for any sort of aesthetic activity to exist, a certain physiological precondition is indispensable: intoxication.
When art dresses in worn-out material it is most easily recognized as art.
I think in art, but especially in films, people are trying to confirm their own existences.
When thou art above measure angry, bethink thee how momentary is man's life.
My goal is to be one with the music. I just dedicate my whole life to this art.
The enemy of art is the absence of limitations.
Art is the lie that enables us to realize the truth.
Freedom in art, freedom in society, this is the double goal towards which all consistent and logical minds must strive.
The finest works of art are precious, among other reasons, because they make it possible for us to know, if only imperfectly and for a little while, what it actually feels like to think subtly and feel nobly.
No great art has ever been made without the artist having known danger.
All married couples should learn the art of battle as they should learn the art of making love. Good battle is objective and honest - never vicious or cruel. Good battle is healthy and constructive, and brings to a marriage the principles of equal partnership.
Art is the tree of life. Science is the tree of death.
Life beats down and crushes the soul and art reminds you that you have one.
Life is the art of drawing sufficient conclusions from insufficient premises.
Growing up going to Christian school and the concept that you're born a sinner and you don't really have a choice to change who you are has been hammered into my head and created the entire reason why I made art and made a band and made records called 'Antichrist Superstar.'
I realised the bohemian life was not for me. I would look around at my friends, living like starving artists, and wonder, 'Where's the art?' They weren't doing anything. And there was so much interesting stuff to do, so much fun to be had... maybe I could even quit renting.
Emotion resulting from a work of art is only of value when it is not obtained by sentimental blackmail.
Telling lies is a fault in a boy, an art in a lover, an accomplishment in a bachelor, and second-nature in a married man.
Art, as far as it is able, follows nature, as a pupil imitates his master; thus your art must be, as it were, God's grandchild.
Eloquence, n. The art of orally persuading fools that white is the color that it appears to be. It includes the gift of making any color appear white.
Poetry is the art of uniting pleasure with truth.
I believe entertainment can aspire to be art, and can become art, but if you set out to make art you're an idiot.
Patience is the art of concealing your impatience.
All things are artificial, for nature is the art of God.
Every human is an artist. And this is the main art that we have: the creation of our story.
The only honest art form is laughter, comedy. You can't fake it... try to fake three laughs in an hour - ha ha ha ha ha - they'll take you away, man. You can't.
Art at its most significant is a Distant Early Warning System that can always be relied on to tell the old culture what is beginning to happen to it.
The counterfeit and counterpart of Nature is reproduced in art.
The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe.
People are surprised at how down-to-earth I am. I like to stay home on Friday nights and listen to 'The Art of Happiness' by the Dalai Lama.
Politics is not the art of the possible. It consists in choosing between the disastrous and the unpalatable.
Every work of art is an uncommitted crime.
For thousands of years, human beings have been obsessed with beauty, truth, love, honor, altruism, courage, social relationships, art, and God. They all go together as subjective experiences, and it's a straw man to set God up as the delusion. If he is, then so is truth itself or beauty itself.
People who don't like me talk about it as though I'm trash because I have tattoos. I find that insane because it's 2008, not the 1950s. Tattoos aren't limited to sailors. It's a form of art I find beautiful. I love it.
In art and dream may you proceed with abandon. In life may you proceed with balance and stealth.
Speaking for myself, art differs from writing in that I never know what I'm going to paint until I paint it, so it's almost like automatic writing. A writer, on the other hand, can't help but know what he's going to write, because the activity demands a degree of premeditation.
Great artists are people who find the way to be themselves in their art. Any sort of pretension induces mediocrity in art and life alike.
What strikes me is the fact that in our society, art has become something which is only related to objects, and not to individuals, or to life.
A lot of country music is sad. I think most art comes out of poverty and hard times. It applies to music. Three chords and the truth - that's what a country song is. There is a lot of heartache in the world.
Simplicity is natures first step, and the last of art.
Once you take yourself too seriously the art will suffer.
What an artist is trying to do for people is bring them closer to something, because of course art is about sharing. You wouldn't be an artist unless you wanted to share an experience, a thought.
It's an art to live with pain... mix the light into gray.
When the bright angel dominates, out comes a great work of art, a Michelangelo David or a Beethoven symphony.
Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets. Imagination without skill gives us modern art.
Piano playing is a dying art. I love the fact that I can be one guy with one instrument evoking an emotional and musical experience.
Black literature is taught as sociology, as tolerance, not as a serious, rigorous art form.
Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self.
Sculpture is the art of the hole and the lump.
Madness is the absolute break with the work of art; it forms the constitutive moment of abolition, which dissolves in time the truth of the work of art.
I did study the art of being a barber because I wanted to figure out what my routine would be. Do you start in the front or back? Top or bottom? Swivel the chair or walk around? What I did discover is there's no such thing as the perfect haircut!
Art is a mind-game that we do to make our lives easier. If it isn't for that, it becomes superfluous.
Dance is the only art of which we ourselves are the stuff of which it is made.
You cannot live to please everyone else. You have to edify, educate and fulfill your own dreams and destiny, and hope that whatever your art is that you're putting out there, if it's received, great, I respect you for receiving it. If it's not received, great, I respect you for not.
Out with stereotypes, feminism proclaims. But stereotypes are the west's stunning sexual personae, the vehicles of art's assault against nature. The moment there is imagination, there is myth.
Colloquial poetry is to the real art as the barber's wax dummy is to sculpture.
Art works because it appeals to certain faculties of the mind. Music depends on details of the auditory system, painting and sculpture on the visual system. Poetry and literature depend on language.
The screen is a magic medium. It has such power that it can retain interest as it conveys emotions and moods that no other art form can hope to tackle.
I love rock-n-roll. I think it's an exciting art form. It's revolutionary. Still revolutionary and it changed people. It changed their hearts. But yeah, even rock-n-roll has a lot of rubbish, really bad music.
All the world old is queer save thee and me, and even thou art a little queer.
Sound as medium has an incredible elasticity. So, of course, it is tempting for artists of other fields to try something with sounds. Why not? We are living in the age when there is no limit in gathering all forms of art and music to mix it together if you so desire.
A good mother remembers to serve fruit at breakfast, is always cheerful and never yells, manages not to project her own neuroses and inadequacies onto her children, is an active and beloved community volunteer. She remembers to make play dates, her children's clothes fit, she does art projects with them and enjoys all their games.
Art is dangerous. It is one of the attractions: when it ceases to be dangerous you don't want it.
The art of living does not consist in preserving and clinging to a particular mode of happiness, but in allowing happiness to change its form without being disappointed by the change; happiness, like a child, must be allowed to grow up.
I love doing normal things - movies, shopping, going out with friends, writing, reading, taking hot bubble baths - that's a big one for relaxation. I also love to go to art and history museums.
I think that one's art is a growth inside one. I do not think one can explain growth. It is silent and subtle. One does not keep digging up a plant to see how it grows.
At the University of Maryland, my first year I started off planning to major in art because I was interested in theatre design, stage design or television design.
I've been lucky enough to live through all the things that are supposed to give meaning to our lives, like parenting, grandparenting, art, celebrity. All these things you expect meaning to come from, and sometimes it comes when you're not expecting it.
We can learn the art of fierce compassion - redefining strength, deconstructing isolation and renewing a sense of community, practicing letting go of rigid us-vs.-them thinking - while cultivating power and clarity in response to difficult situations.
Venice is the perfect place for a phase of art to die. No other city on earth embraces entropy quite like this magical floating mall.
My favorite books, art pieces, films, and music, always have something jarring about them.
The details are the very source of expression in architecture. But we are caught in a vice between art and the bottom line.
Teaching is not a lost art, but the regard for it is a lost tradition.
I make pictures and someone comes in and calls it art.
Art makes us human, music makes us human, and I deeply feel that science makes us human.
Art attracts us only by what it reveals of our most secret self.
Madonna remains the most visible performer on the planet, as well as one of the wealthiest, but would anyone seriously say that artistic self-development is her primary motivating principle? She is too busy with Kabbalah, fashion merchandising, adoption melodramas, the gym, and ill-starred horseback riding to study art.
Evanescence fans aren't the popular kids in school. They aren't the cheerleaders. It's the art kids and the nerds and the kids who grow up to be the most interesting creative people.
All equestrians, if they last long enough, learn that riding in whatever form is a lifelong sport and art, an endeavor that is both familiar and new every time you take the horse out of his stall or pasture.
Works of art often last forever, or nearly so. But exhibitions themselves, especially gallery exhibitions, are like flowers; they bloom and then they die, then exist only as memories, or pressed in magazines and books.
The Dancer believes that his art has something to say which cannot be expressed in words or in any other way than by dancing.
It may be that the deep necessity of art is the examination of self-deception.
I don't know if One Direction will stand the test of time. I have a niece who goes crazy for them. But the only way to judge art is to wait and see if it becomes evergreen. This takes a bit of time. Adele is a very good musician and I'd like to sing with her. But, again, time will tell if her music will become evergreen.
Celebrity doesn't have anything to do with art or craft. It's about being rich and thinking that you're better than everybody else.
I really do believe that art changes the landscape of the world.
Art to me is an anecdote of the spirit, and the only means of making concrete the purpose of its varied quickness and stillness.
Art resides in the quality of doing, process is not magic.
There is no must in art because art is free.
Use the creative process - singing, writing, art, dance, whatever - to get to know yourself better.
I never, ever had it in my mind that I wanted to be in the record industry, because I still contend that the record industry is an insidious affair. It's this terrible collision between art and commerce, and it will always be that way.
Art is elemental. Reason alone as it's expressed in the sciences can't be man's complete answer to reality, and it can't express everything that man can, wants to, and has to express. I think God built this into man. Art along with science is the highest gift God has given him.
I think all art is about control - the encounter between control and the uncontrollable.
A good face they say, is a letter of recommendation. O Nature, Nature, why art thou so dishonest, as ever to send men with these false recommendations into the World!
There is only one valuable thing in art: the thing you cannot explain.
I'm not really sure what social message my art carries, if any. And I don't really want it to carry one. I'm not interested in the subject matter to try to teach society anything, or to try to better our world in any way.
Only in art will the lion lie down with the lamb, and the rose grow without thorn.
Advertising is the art of the tiny. You have to tell a complete a story and deliver a complete message in a very encapsulated form. It disciplines you to cut away extraneous information.
Surprise is key in all art.
All I tell artists is, 'Do what you love. Never let anybody talk you into changing what your musical idea is just to try to get a hit, because you're chasing your tail that way. It's not going to happen, and if you're successful, you have to do it the rest of your life. Stay true to it and do it for the sake of the art.'
There hasn't been anything real since grunge. That was the last movement led by music or an art form.
If my art has nothing to do with people's pain and sorrow, what is 'art' for?
My focus is my art, and that's what I love to do. I have to be really passionate in order to do something. I've turned down many things that I just didn't believe in.
Art is nothing but the expression of our dream; the more we surrender to it the closer we get to the inner truth of things, our dream-life, the true life that scorns questions and does not see them.
Words may be false and full of art; Sighs are the natural language of the heart.
The art of losing isn't hard to master; so many things seem filled with the intent to be lost that their loss is no disaster.
Ah, well, do I wish that we lived in a world where gender didn't figure so prominently? Of course. Do I even think about myself as a woman when I go to make art? Of course not.
Should graffiti be judged on the same level as modern art? Of course not: It's way more important than that.
By the late Nineties, we had become a more visual nation. Big-money taste moved to global standards - new architecture, design and show-off contemporary art. The Sloane domestic aesthetic - symmetry, class symbolism and brown furniture - became as unfashionable as it had been hot in the early Eighties.
My body is my art, and it's also the tool that I use to make money.
Our humor turns our anger into a fine art.
If commercialization is putting my art on a shirt so that a kid who can't afford a $30,000 painting can buy one, then I'm all for it.
Art is for everybody.
You can be good at technology and like fashion and art. You can be good at technology and be a jock. You can be good at technology and be a mom. You can do it your way, on your terms.
Why must art be static? You look at an abstraction, sculptured or painted, an entirely exciting arrangement of planes, spheres, nuclei, entirely without meaning. It would be perfect, but it is always still. The next step in sculpture is motion.
The house has to please everyone, contrary to the work of art which does not. The work is a private matter for the artist. The house is not.
Nineteenth- and early-twentieth-century exponents of prefabrication were certain it would supplant age-old traditions of individualized design and handcrafted construction. The building art would be revolutionized by freeing designers and construction workers from repetitive tasks, and democratized by making high-style architecture more affordable.
To create a work of art is to create the world.
The beautiful is in nature, and it is encountered under the most diverse forms of reality. Once it is found it belongs to art, or rather to the artist who discovers it.
Anybody can direct a picture once they know the fundamentals. Directing is not a mystery, it's not an art. The main thing about directing is: photograph the people's eyes.
Through art and science in their broadest senses it is possible to make a permanent contribution towards the improvement and enrichment of human life and it is these pursuits that we students are engaged in.
The roles of art, morality, religion, political faith, science itself are not to repair organic exhaustion nor to provide sound functioning of the organs. All this supraphysical life is built and expanded not because of the demands of the cosmic environment but because of the demands of the social environment.
I do not deny that I have made drawings and watercolors of an erotic nature. But they are always works of art. Are there no artists who have done erotic pictures?
What I try to do is the art of building, and the art of building is the art of construction; it is not only about forms and shapes and images.
Once you learn to look at architecture not merely as an art more or less well or more or less badly done, but as a social manifestation, the critical eye becomes clairvoyant.
I believe love at first sight is possible. Centuries of literature and art and beauty has been dedicated to that idea, so who am I to argue, even if I've never experienced it?
Homer has taught all other poets the art of telling lies skillfully.
The bad gains respect through imitation, the good loses it especially in art.
Art raises its head where creeds relax.
Art is not merely an imitation of the reality of nature, but in truth a metaphysical supplement to the reality of nature, placed alongside thereof for its conquest.
To my mind the old masters are not art; their value is in their scarcity.
Love isn't an emotion or an instinct - it's an art.
The biggest problem with every art is by the use of appearance to create a loftier reality.
The capacity to be puzzled is the premise of all creation, be it in art or in science.
Perhaps it's good for one to suffer. Can an artist do anything if he's happy? Would he ever want to do anything? What is art, after all, but a protest against the horrible inclemency of life?
We want to answer this classical question, who am I? So I think that most of our works are for art, or whatever we do, including science or religion, tried to answer that question.
The people who make art their business are mostly imposters.
What is Art? It is the response of man's creative soul to the call of the Real.
To array a man's will against his sickness is the supreme art of medicine.
So many gods, so many creeds, so many paths that wind and wind while just the art of being kind is all the sad world needs.
I paint; I draw and paint - I've been doing that since I was in third grade, drawing realistically and then changing to abstract art. That was my first creative thing before guitar or comedy.
Every happening, great and small, is a parable whereby God speaks to us, and the art of life is to get the message.
To be able to endure odium is the first art to be learned by those who aspire to power.
I went into the business for the money, and the art grew out of it. If people are disillusioned by that remark, I can't help it. It's the truth.
I am a soul. I know well that what I shall render up to the grave is not myself. That which is myself will go elsewhere. Earth, thou art not my abyss!
Winners have the ability to step back from the canvas of their lives like an artist gaining perspective. They make their lives a work of art - an individual masterpiece.
Chance gives rise to thoughts, and chance removes them; no art can keep or acquire them.
And the first rude sketch that the world had seen was joy to his mighty heart, till the Devil whispered behind the leaves 'It's pretty, but is it Art?'
Great nations write their autobiographies in three manuscripts - the book of their deeds, the book of their words and the book of their art.
Nature is the art of God.
I say that democracy can never prove itself beyond cavil, until it founds and luxuriantly grows its own forms of art, poems, schools, theology, displacing all that exists, or that has been produced anywhere in the past, under opposite influences.
Cunning is the art of concealing our own defects, and discovering other people's weaknesses.
Gossip is the art of saying nothing in a way that leaves practically nothing unsaid.
Life is the art of being well deceived; and in order that the deception may succeed it must be habitual and uninterrupted.
Good manners is the art of making those people easy with whom we converse. Whoever makes the fewest people uneasy is the best bred in the room.
Music is God's gift to man, the only art of Heaven given to earth, the only art of earth we take to Heaven.
If you're not trying to be real, you don't have to get it right. That's art.
Those who gave thee a body, furnished it with weakness; but He who gave thee Soul, armed thee with resolution. Employ it, and thou art wise; be wise and thou art happy.
'Healing,' Papa would tell me, 'is not a science, but the intuitive art of wooing nature.'
Art is the collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
There is no prejudice that the work of art does not finally overcome.
The art of using deceit and cunning grow continually weaker and less effective to the user.
A work of art that contains theories is like an object on which the price tag has been left.
The youth of an art is, like the youth of anything else, its most interesting period. When it has come to the knowledge of good and evil it is stronger, but we care less about it.
We live in an age when the traditional great subjects - the human form, the landscape, even newer traditions such as abstract expressionism - are daily devalued by commercial art.
I'm for mechanical art. When I took up silk screening, it was to more fully exploit the preconceived image through the commercial techniques of multiple reproduction.
All good art is an indiscretion.
To know how to grow old is the master work of wisdom, and one of the most difficult chapters in the great art of living.
Art is the objectification of feeling.
You want to be a bit compulsive in your art or craft or whatever you do. You want to be focused on it.
Art is anything you can get away with.
It is not hard to understand modern art. If it hangs on a wall it's a painting, and if you can walk around it it's a sculpture.
I wasn't exposed to art as I was growing up, and can't recall the first time I saw a work of art. However, I remember very clearly a vision I had of a little green reindeer when I was a child, and visions emanate from the same mythical area where painting resides. Whatever the reason, I immediately felt comfortable working with visual materials.
An art which isn't based on feeling isn't an art at all.
Art has a double face, of expression and illusion, just like science has a double face: the reality of error and the phantom of truth.
Don't be an art critic. Paint. There lies salvation.
Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art.
What I've discovered is that in art, as in music, there's a lot of truth-and then there's a lie. The artist is essentially creating his work to make this lie a truth, but he slides it in amongst all the others. The tiny little lie is the moment I live for, my moment. It's the moment that the audience falls in love.
When science, art, literature, and philosophy are simply the manifestation of personality they are on a level where glorious and dazzling achievements are possible, which can make a man's name live for thousands of years.
I don't think any movie or any book or any work of art can solve the stalemate in the Middle East today. But it's certainly worth a try.
Habitual texters may not only cheat their existing relationships, they can also limit their ability to form future ones since they don't get to practice the art of interpreting nonverbal visual cues.
The art is long, life is short.
He has only half learned the art of reading who has not added to it the more refined art of skipping and skimming.
I am an anarchist in politics and an impressionist in art as well as a symbolist in literature. Not that I understand what these terms mean, but I take them to be all merely synonyms of pessimist.
The work of art, just like any fragment of human life considered in its deepest meaning, seems to me devoid of value if it does not offer the hardness, the rigidity, the regularity, the luster on every interior and exterior facet, of the crystal.
In the first book of my Discworld series, published more than 26 years ago, I introduced Death as a character; there was nothing particularly new about this - death has featured in art and literature since medieval times, and for centuries we have had a fascination with the Grim Reaper.
Any authentic work of art must start an argument between the artist and his audience.
It ought to be illegal for an artist to marry. If the artist must marry let him find someone more interested in art, or his art, or the artist part of him, than in him. After which let them take tea together three times a week.
The message of great art is to disturb.
I don't listen to what art critics say. I don't know anybody who needs a critic to find out what art is.
Reason clears and plants the wilderness of the imagination to harvest the wheat of art.
Modernity signifies the transitory, the fugitive, the contingent, the half of art of which the other half is the eternal and the immutable.
Life is the only art that we are required to practice without preparation, and without being allowed the preliminary trials, the failures and botches, that are essential for training.
Translation is the art of failure.
The question of the value of nationality in art is perhaps unsolvable.
Men's magazines often feature pictures of naked ladies. Women's magazines also often feature pictures of naked ladies. This is because the female body is a beautiful work of art, while the male body is hairy and lumpy and should not be seen by the light of day.
I love fashion. I love couture. I'm going to erect a shelf in my bedroom with an art light to be the spot for the shoes of the month.
Mathematics is, as it were, a sensuous logic, and relates to philosophy as do the arts, music, and plastic art to poetry.
I'm such an avid magazine reader - music, art, beauty magazines - and I found that food and restaurants were pouring into everything I cared about. Whether it was the pop-up concept, or some mysterious mini-mall restaurant, I got swept up in the sexy romance of the food movement.
I'd love to go to art school. I'd love to learn how to draw. I'd love to be fluent in Spanish. I'd like to be a brain surgeon.
I like the fact that in ancient Chinese art the great painters always included a deliberate flaw in their work: human creation is never perfect.
You cannot set art off in a corner and hope for it to have vitality, reality, and substance.
Politeness is the art of choosing among your thoughts.
I was doing these performance art pop music pieces in the city. And they were a bit on the eccentric side I suppose. So people started to call me Gaga after the Queen song 'Radio Gaga.'
Politics is the art of the possible.
I'm into sincerity in music and sincerity in art. If it doesn't feel true, I don't want to do it. Things that are too dramatic scare me. I think that's why I don't always fit into the world of performing arts.
I am a real person that cares about his art and cares about what he's doing - I have a heart and a soul and want to touch people and give.
Nothing right can be accomplished in art without enthusiasm.
Modernity is the transitory, the fugitive, the contingent, which make up one half of art, the other being the eternal and the immutable. This transitory fugitive element, which is constantly changing, must not be despised or neglected.
I got my diploma from Ealing College of Art, in graphics and illustration.
Art is like baby shoes. When you coat them with gold, they can no longer be worn.
Art is a way to express yourself and through that you can escape a bad situation.
What was any art but a mould in which to imprison for a moment the shining elusive element which is life itself - life hurrying past us and running away, too strong to stop, too sweet to lose.
Art is an investigation.
I never studied art, but taught myself to draw by imitating the New Yorker cartoonists of that day, instead of doing my homework.
As in nature, as in art, so in grace; it is rough treatment that gives souls, as well as stones, their luster.
I like to change. A new lamp, a piece of art, can transform a room.
I'm not one who divides music, dance or art into various categories. Either something works, or it doesn't.
The strangeness will wear off and I think we will discover the deeper meanings in modern art.
Great art speaks a language which every intelligent person can understand. The people who call themselves modernists today speak a different language.
When thou art at Rome, do as they do at Rome.
The art of mastering life is the prerequisite for all further forms of expression, whether they are paintings, sculptures, tragedies, or musical compositions.
Poetry is a beautiful way of spoiling prose, and the laborious art of exchanging plain sense for harmony.
People say conversation is a lost art; how often I have wished it were.
Hip-hop is the last true folk art.
Art is vice. You don't marry it legitimately, you rape it.
If you're speaking of love, you really must include the element of uncertainty - and perhaps it's best approached as the art of constant maintenance.
Art is the symbol of the two noblest human efforts: to construct and to refrain from destruction.
Insurrection is an art, and like all arts has its own laws.
The style of ancient Egyptian art is transcendently clear, something 8-year-olds can recognize in an instant. Its consistency and codification is one of the most epic visual journeys in all art, one that lasts 30 dynasties spread over 3,000 years.
Courage is the art of being the only one who knows you're scared to death.
In science, if you don't do it, somebody else will. Whereas in art, if Beethoven didn't compose the 'Ninth Symphony,' no one else before or after is going to compose the 'Ninth Symphony' that he composed; no one else is going to paint 'Starry Night' by van Gogh.
There is in fact no such thing as art for art's sake, art that stands above classes, art that is detached from or independent of politics. Proletarian literature and art are part of the whole proletarian revolutionary cause.
I am still a victim of chess. It has all the beauty of art - and much more. It cannot be commercialized. Chess is much purer than art in its social position.
Fashion often starts off beautiful and becomes ugly, whereas art starts off ugly sometimes and becomes beautiful.
Death is an endless night so awful to contemplate that it can make us love life and value it with such passion that it may be the ultimate cause of all joy and all art.
Anything that had to do with art I been doing all my life. It was a gift. It's nothing I work real hard at doing.
Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life.
Does art have a future? Performance genres like opera, theater, music and dance are thriving all over the world, but the visual arts have been in slow decline for nearly 40 years. No major figure of profound influence has emerged in painting or sculpture since the waning of Pop Art and the birth of Minimalism in the early 1970s.
I'm very manipulative towards directors. My theory is that everyone on the set is directing the film, we're all receiving art messages from the universe on how we should do the film.
The art of progress is to preserve order amid change and to preserve change amid order.
In art, scandal is a false narrative, a smoke screen that camouflages rather than reveals. When we don't know what we're seeing, we overreact.
You should carefully study the Art of Reasoning, as it is what most people are very deficient in, and I know few things more disagreeable than to argue, or even converse with a man who has no idea of inductive and deductive philosophy.
Whether it be personal or musical, I just think I'm a walking art piece, just a ball of creativity.
A primary function of art and thought is to liberate the individual from the tyranny of his culture in the environmental sense and to permit him to stand beyond it in an autonomy of perception and judgment.
Writing stopped being fun when I discovered the difference between good writing and bad and, even more terrifying, the difference between it and true art. And after that, the whip came down.
Politics is the art of the next best.
Interpretation is the revenge of the intellectual upon art.
Art is made to disturb, science reassures.
I love when violent, dangerous art is done by people who are not violent and dangerous. I love that when George Romero was making 'Dawn of the Dead,' he was coaching his son's little league team.
The painter who feels obligated to depict his subjects as uniformly beautiful or handsome and without flaws will fall short of making art.
Of course the illusion of art is to make one believe that great literature is very close to life, but exactly the opposite is true. Life is amorphous, literature is formal.
Salesmanship, too, is an art; the perfection of its technique requires study and practice.
A painter's tastes must grow out of what so obsesses him in life that he never has to ask himself what it is suitable for him to do in art.
The greater the decrease in the social significance of an art form, the sharper the distinction between criticism and enjoyment by the public. The conventional is uncritically enjoyed, and the truly new is criticized with aversion.
Art has a double visage: it looks before and after. Romance is its forward-looking face. The germ of growth is in romanticism. Formalism, on the other hand, consolidates tradition; gleans what has been gained and makes it facile to the hand or the mind; economizes the energy of genius.
If you don't get noticed, you don't have anything. You just have to be noticed, but the art is in getting noticed naturally, without screaming or without tricks.
Hip-hop don't have no fresh energy, none at all. It's money driven, everybody tryin' to make that cheque, nobody putting art in their albums any more.
I'd already decided I wanted to design shoes after I saw a sign in the Museum of African and Oceanic Art forbidding high heels. Well, who could resist?
I don't want to sound pretentious, but I love art, I like to go to museums, and I like to read books.
My parents started with very little and were the only ones in their families to graduate from college. As parents, they focused on education, but did not stop at academics - they made sure that we knew music, saw art and theatre and traveled - even though it meant budgeting like crazy.
Magic's an art where you use slight of hand or illusion to create wonder. And I was just intrigued with that idea.
It's great that New York has large spaces for art. But the enormous immaculate box has become a dated, even oppressive place. Many of these spaces were designed for sprawling installations, large paintings, and the Relational Aesthetics work of the past fifteen years.
You've got to invest in the world, you've got to read, you've got to go to art galleries, you've got to find out the names of plants. You've got to start to love the world and know about the whole genius of the human race. We're amazing people.
Cats are anthropomorphised in art because they are so laid back that you automatically attribute human thoughts and feelings to them.
The growth of art seems to be in cycles, and often its vigorous lifetime is restricted to a century or two. The periods of distinctive drama, Greek, English, Spanish, fall within such a limit; the schools of painting and sculpture likewise; and, in poetry, the Victorian age or the school of Pope will serve as examples.
All art constantly aspires towards the condition of music.
Most painting in the European tradition was painting the mask. Modern art rejected all that. Our subject matter was the person behind the mask.
'Untitled' is a time machine that can transport you to 1992, an edgy moment when the art world was crumbling, money was scarce, and artists like Tiravanija were in the nascent stages of combining Happenings, performance art, John Cage, Joseph Beuys, and the do-it-yourself ethos of punk. Meanwhile, a new art world was coming into being.
The role of a museum of modern art is to make a good selection and identify what we believe to be the coming movements, and that requires taste.
A beautiful body perishes, but a work of art dies not.
When it comes to art and science, people don't like a lot of either. Instead of being open to it, they're closed off about it.
To curb the machine and limit art to handicraft is a denial of opportunity.
Great writing can be done in biography, history, art.
My mother was the most creative, fantastic person and would come up with great things for us to do. She'd buy art supplies and all of us would sit around painting. I was lucky.
All art is exorcism. I paint dreams and visions too; the dreams and visions of my time. Painting is the effort to produce order; order in yourself. There is much chaos in me, much chaos in our time.
We foresee no limit to scientific advancement in the future, and in scientific truth there is nothing dead; science is always a living and growing body of knowledge; but art on the contrary has many times run its course to an end, and exhausted its vital power.
It is unhappily true that much insincere Literature and Art, executed solely with a view to effect, does succeed by deceiving the public.
Jackie Chan is a very good comedy/martial arts star. He does one kind of martial arts that Jet Li doesn't know how to do and Jet Li does a martial art that Jackie Chan doesn't know how to do. You can both go to two Chinese restaurants, but both can have different kinds of food.
The prerequisite of originality is the art of forgetting, at the proper moment, what we know.
I was going to go to a four-year college and be an anthropologist or to an art school and be an illustrator when a friend convinced me to learn photography at the University of Southern California. Little did I know it was a school that taught you how to make movies! It had never occurred to me that I'd ever have any interest in filmmaking.
The work of art is a scream of freedom.
There is hardly any money interest in art, and music will be there when money is gone.
My reputation for writing quickly and effortlessly notwithstanding, I am strongly in favor of intelligent, even fastidious revision, which is, or certainly should be, an art in itself.
Good art however 'immoral' is wholly a thing of virtue. Good art can NOT be immoral. By good art I mean art that bears true witness, I mean the art that is most precise.
We should always remember that sensitiveness and emotion constitute the real content of a work of art.
Thought is a strenuous art - few practice it, and then only at rare times.
Acting is an art form and you want to take roles that are challenged and it's more of a challenge I think to play dark characters. Not that I want to always play those, but it is a challenge and challenges are rewarding and fun.
One to destroy, is murder by the law; and gibbets keep the lifted hand in awe; to murder thousands, takes a specious name, 'War's glorious art', and gives immortal fame.
I'm not dead and I don't have blue hair but some people say there are similarities. It is usually intolerable to watch myself onscreen but this time it's fine. I think it's beautiful and a real work of art.
No art is less spontaneous than mine. What I do is the result of reflection and the study of the great masters.
The goal of art was the vital expression of self.
Art will never be able to exist without nature.
If Art relates itself to an Object, it becomes descriptive, divisionist, literary.
Art is a process of delivering or arranging elements that appeal to the emotions of a person looking at it. It's what you feel.
The musician is perhaps the most modest of animals, but he is also the proudest. It is he who invented the sublime art of ruining poetry.
When you look at art made by other people, you see what you need to see in it.
But then when he left, I realized that it was harder to write songs and feel spiritually connected to art and music as a band. When he came back I felt it again, instantaneously.
I'm using my art to comment on what I see. You don't have to agree with it.
The art of communication is the language of leadership.
Art has two constant, two unending concerns: It always meditates on death and thus always creates life. All great, genuine art resembles and continues the Revelation of St John.
While I recognize the necessity for a basis of observed reality... true art lies in a reality that is felt.
A lot of my work is about sales. And it was about being independent from the art market.
Architecture is basically the design of interiors, the art of organizing interior space.
Art is life's dream interpretation.
People don't like contemporary art, but all art starts life as contemporary - I can't really see a difference.
I've never been a big fan of subtle art. I like art that gets deep into my head and starts my brain spinning with new ideas and inspiration and my whole body is full of energy.
During the Middle Ages they understood that words accompanied by imagery are much more memorable. By making the margins of a book colorful and beautiful, illuminations help make the text unforgettable. It's unfortunate that we've lost the art of illumination.
The truth is, what Americans enjoy about football is much of what makes the sport dangerous. However, I believe there must be a way to find the art of success and vitality in football, without the driving the level of impact that causes serious risk of head trauma, paralysis and other life-changing injuries.
I try to see interviewing as performance art, and just take it as it comes.
As a person, I was born to give out my opinions. By giving out my opinions, I realize who I am. As long as I can communicate, I'm not so lonely. If I cannot travel, or do art, or have company, if they take away all my belongings, it doesn't matter at all.
The practice of medicine is a thinker's art the practice of surgery a plumber's.
Teaching is an instinctual art, mindful of potential, craving of realizations, a pausing, seamless process.
I'm into fashion because it contains the mood of the day, of the moment - like music, literature, and art.
Art is about profundity. It's about connecting to everything that it means to be alive, but you have to act.
Art has this ability to allow you to connect back through history in the same way that biology does. I'm always looking for source material.
A work of art when placed in a gallery loses its charge, and becomes a portable object or surface disengaged from the outside world.
The ability to get to the verge without getting into the war is the necessary art. If you try to run away from it, if you are scared to go to the brink, you are lost.
In seeking wisdom thou art wise; in imagining that thou hast attained it - thou art a fool.
As humans we look at things and think about what we've looked at. We treasure it in a kind of private art gallery.
Fashion is not art. Never.
Toy Soldiers was my introduction to film. I certainly didn't think I was doing art by any stretch of the imagination.
To become truly immortal, a work of art must escape all human limits: logic and common sense will only interfere. But once these barriers are broken, it will enter the realms of childhood visions and dreams.
Art is a fruit that grows in man, like a fruit on a plant, or a child in its mother's womb.
The value and rank of every art is in proportion to the mental labor employed in it, or the mental pleasure in producing it.
Masterpieces of art possess immense potential to advance a worldview that could help assuage the societal terrors posed by globalization, the most thoroughgoing socioeconomic upheaval since the Industrial Revolution, which has set off a pandemic of retrogressive nationalism, regional separatism, and religious extremism.
Men can absent themselves from real life for their art more easily. Women are anchored into the quotidian business of getting food on the table, making sure everybody's socks match, the soccer gear is ready. I admire idealists, but they're usually enabled by someone who holds the tether on their balloon, who pays the bills and sweeps up after them.
Every article on these islands has an almost personal character, which gives this simple life, where all art is unknown, something of the artistic beauty of medieval life.
Art's development should be dialectical and not metaphysical.
Just as the development of earth art and installation art stemmed from the idea of taking art out of the galleries, the basis of my involvement with public art is a continuation of wall drawings.
Art hath an enemy called Ignorance.
But if I had to choose a single destination where I'd be held captive for the rest of my time in New York, I'd choose the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
Never can the innate power of a work be hidden or locked away. A work of art can be forgotten by time; it can be forbidden and rejected but the elemental will always prevail over the ephemeral.
The great thing that guys like Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and the Google guys have in common is they treat their technology like it's art, and I suppose in the hands of virtuosos like them, it is.
The show business has all phases and grades of dignity, from the exhibition of a monkey to the exposition of that highest art in music or the drama which secures for the gifted artists a world-wide fame princes well might envy.
I enjoy going out by myself... always have, always will. I don't have security guards, and, for the most part, I enjoy meeting new people. I see myself as a regular guy who likes playing video games with his nieces and nephews and poker with his family. I don't have an art collection or take exotic vacations. I enjoy being at home.
I adore art... when I am alone with my notes, my heart pounds and the tears stream from my eyes, and my emotion and my joys are too much to bear.
Personality is essential. It is in every work of art. When someone walks on stage for a performance and has charisma, everyone is convinced that he has personality. I find that charisma is merely a form of showmanship. Movie stars usually have it. A politician has to have it.
Layer by layer art strips life bare.
There was very little art in my childhood. I was raised in South Carolina; I wasn't aware of any art in South Carolina. There was a minor museum in Charleston, which had nothing of interest in it. It showed local artists, paintings of birds.
The novel is always pop art, and the novel is always dying. That's the only way it stays alive. It does really die. I've been thinking about that a lot.
Technology, like art, is a soaring exercise of the human imagination.
Yes, I believe that the art of winning is through intimidation, and not necessarily do you have to speak about it.
I've always enjoyed feeling a connection to the avant-garde, such as Dada and surrealism and pop art. The only thing the artist can do is be honest with themselves and make the art they want to make. That's what I've always done.
Copy, art, and typography should be seen as a living entity; each element integrally related, in harmony with the whole, and essential to the execution of an idea.
I don't think it's worth discussing new directions in the context of Chinese art - there were no old directions, either. Chinese art has never had any clear orientation.
I'm interested in what would normally be considered the worst aspects of commercial art. I think it's the tension between what seems to be so rigid and cliched and the fact that art really can't be this way.
I search for surprise in my architecture. A work of art should cause the emotion of newness.
Art is, for me, the process of trying to wake up the soul. Because we live in an industrialized, fast-paced world that prefers that the soul remain asleep.
Music is art to me, and you don't censor art. You don't go into a museum and censor things.
Art owes its origin to Nature herself... this beautiful creation, the world, supplied the first model, while the original teacher was that divine intelligence which has not only made us superior to the other animals, but like God Himself, if I may venture to say it.
What distinguishes modern art from the art of other ages is criticism.
Women's art, political art - those categorisations perpetuate a certain kind of marginality which I'm resistant to. But I absolutely define myself as a feminist.
I don't like to say I have given my life to art. I prefer to say art has given me my life.
The Internet is both great and terrible. As a source of information, a tool for delivering music and art, it's great. But spamming ads and piracy of music is terrible. It's stealing.
All good performance pieces have some philosophical validity. That's the difference between mere theater and performance art.
I grew up overseas in Indonesia, and my school had a great art, music, and theatre program.
And since geometry is the right foundation of all painting, I have decided to teach its rudiments and principles to all youngsters eager for art.
The work of art shows people new directions and thinks of the future. The house thinks of the present.
I mean, art for art's sake is ridiculous. Art is for the sake of one's needs.
Freedom of speech is, to all Americans, as oxygen is to the human condition. It is a right that has been irreversibly programmed into our hard drive. We are free to speak our minds. An artist's right to express him or herself as best suits their art, is the artist's prerogative and it is guaranteed.
Violin playing is a physical art with great traditions behind it.
I grew up thinking art was pictures until I got into music and found I was an artist and didn't paint.
There's obviously nothing wrong with selling your art - only an idiot with a trust fund would tell you otherwise. But it's confusing to know how far you should take it.
I believe that a work of art, like metaphors in language, can ask the most serious, difficult questions in a way which really makes the readers answer for themselves; that the work of art far more than an essay or a tract involves the reader, challenges him directly and brings him into the argument.
I've studied astrology for many, many years, and I feel like it's an incredibly challenging art.
In order to figure this artmaking stuff out, it's trial and error and experimentation, and takes some time and hard thinking. Putting work out in many forms and stages is an extension of how I see things. I feel the art process is best served when it invites comments and constructive criticism from people.
When Socrates was about 30, and his father was long dead, he was still pursuing the art of sculpture, but from necessity, and without much inclination.
There is something about giving everything to your profession. In Italian, an obsession is not necessarily negative. It's the art of putting all your energy into one thing; it's the art of transforming even what you eat for lunch into architecture.
Theatre was an art form that I didn't really respect, and because I wanted to shake it up and do different things on stage, I was able to combine all the things I'd learnt through writing on my own.
China is important to the world in that they are a force and on the move. Exposing them to figurative art opens up a potential for artistic expression far greater than anyone would ever have dreamed possible until today. It is this very spirit of the struggle and determination to triumph that inspires creative expression.
Man is used to the fact that there are languages which he does not at first understand and which must be learned, but because art is primarily visual he expects that he should get the message immediately and is apt to be affronted if he doesn't.
Jazz music and, more specifically, jazz musicians, are my artistic heroes. I want to be the Thelonious Monk of acting. He had no concern for how well he was received. He played whatever he wanted whenever he wanted. He just wasn't interested in achieving the good opinion of his audience. That's the Holy Grail of acting; of any art form.
Thus the castle of each feudal chieftain became a school of chivalry, into which any noble youth, whose parents were from poverty unable to educate him to the art of war, was readily received.
Ignorance is the first requisite of the historian - ignorance, which simplifies and clarifies, which selects and omits, with a placid perfection unattainable by the highest art.
Color is everywhere, so everything has changed. I still can't see color, but I can perceive it. I can experience it in a way that allows me to be a part of this reality, which I was excluded from before. Thanks to the eyeborg, I've made a career by combining music and art.
I cannot solve the problem of life by losing myself in the problem of art.
We call those works of art concrete that came into being on the basis of their inherent resources and rules - without external borrowing from natural phenomena, without transforming those phenomena, in other words: not by abstraction.
When I was in art school, there was a stigma attached to coming from comfortable suburbia. If you were from Great Neck, Long Island, you couldn't be a 'real artist', so I found crafty ways of implying that I was from New York.
All art is quite useless.
It is only an auctioneer who can equally and impartially admire all schools of art.
It is Homer who has chiefly taught other poets the art of telling lies skillfully.
Take care to sell your horse before he dies. The art of life is passing losses on.
She had lost the art of conversation but not, unfortunately, the power of speech.
The art of government is the organisation of idolatry.
He who possesses art and science has religion; he who does not possess them, needs religion.
We all know that Art is not truth. Art is a lie that makes us realize the truth, at least the truth that is given to us to understand.
In Art, man reveals himself and not his objects.
Europe is so well gardened that it resembles a work of art, a scientific theory, a neat metaphysical system. Man has re-created Europe in his own image.
If thou art a man, admire those who attempt great things, even though they fail.
Being an artist is dragging your innermost feelings out, giving a piece of yourself, no matter in which art form, in which medium.
Art never improves, but... the material of art is never quite the same.
Poetry is the art of substantiating shadows, and of lending existence to nothing.
There is nothing new in art except talent.
I think most of the people involved in any art always secretly wonder whether they are really there because they're good or there because they're lucky.
All that we call ideal in Greek or any other art, because to us it is false and visionary, was, to the makers of it, true and existent.
Real popular culture is folk art - coalminers' songs and so forth.
No art can be noble which is incapable of expressing thought, and no art is capable of expressing thought which does not change.
The momentous thing in human life is the art of winning the soul to good or evil.
It is in this power of saying everything, and yet saying nothing too plainly, that the perfection of art consists.
Art gives me the freedom I don't have when I make music.
To speak of morals in art is to speak of legislature in sex. Art is the sex of the imagination.
Criticism is the art of appraising others at one's own value.
Really I don't like human nature unless all candied over with art.
What can be more foolish than to think that all this rare fabric of heaven and earth could come by chance, when all the skill of art is not able to make an oyster!
History develops, art stands still.
The sadness of the incomplete, the sadness that is often Life, but should never be Art.
True ease in writing comes from art, not chance, as those move easiest who have learn'd to dance.
The excellency of every art is its intensity, capable of making all disagreeable evaporate.
I can't satisfy myself with just trying to tie all of my imagination into music, especially when music is not appreciated as an art form as much as it used to be.
The sinews of art and literature, like those of war, are money.
I always like to see if the art across the street is better than mine.
Art? That's a man's name.
The idea is, if I can't heal from my art, then how can you heal?
Art is man's constant effort to create for himself a different order of reality from that which is given to him.
The wealthy are always surrounded by hangers-on; science and art are as well.
The challenge is to practice politics as the art of making what appears to be impossible, possible.
I'm interested in Jackson Pollock's kind of art, where art is beautiful, but it's nothing, and yet it's incredible.
The true art of memory is the art of attention.
Art and works of art do not make an artist; sense and enthusiasm and instinct do.
It is no great art to say something briefly when, like Tacitus, one has something to say; when one has nothing to say, however, and none the less writes a whole book and makes truth into a liar - that I call an achievement.
An artist cannot speak about his art any more than a plant can discuss horticulture.
The effort of art is to keep what is interesting in existence, to recreate it in the eternal.
The love of all-inclusiveness is as dangerous in philosophy as in art.
Like art, revolutions come from combining what exists into what has never existed before.
If thou art a master, be sometimes blind; if a servant, sometimes deaf.
The art of pleasing consists in being pleased.
All in the Family was intellectual; it was art.
The sole art that suits me is that which, rising from unrest, tends toward serenity.
There is nothing, Sir, too little for so little a creature as man. It is by studying little things that we attain the great art of having as little misery and as much happiness as possible.
It is the addition of strangeness to beauty that constitutes the romantic character in art.
Listen to your inner-voice: Surround yourself with loving, nurturing people. Fall in love with your art and find yourself. Music is the great communicator.
For his heart was in his work, and the heart giveth grace unto every art.
If you are going to break a Law of Art, make the crime interesting.
Besides the noble art of getting things done, there is the noble art of leaving things undone. The wisdom of life consists in the elimination of non-essentials.
Evil is committed without effort, naturally, fatally; goodness is always the product of some art.
It's a mystery to me the way that contemporary art galleries function.
Logic is neither an art nor a science but a dodge.
I'm enamored with the art world.
To want friendship is a great fault. Friendship ought to be a gratuitous joy, like the joys afforded by art or life.
You have to master not only the art of listening to your head, you must also master listening to your heart and listening to your gut.
Art is permitted to survive only if it renounces the right to be different, and integrates itself into the omnipotent realm of the profane.
I'm enamored with the art world. Anytime you look at anything that's considered artistic, there's a commercial world around it: the ballet, opera, any kind of music. It can't exist without it.
Film will only became an art when its materials are as inexpensive as pencil and paper.
A work of art has no importance whatever to society. It is only important to the individual.
Art is born of humiliation.
The art of Peace I practice has room for each of the world's eight million gods, and I cooperate with them all. The God of Peace is very great and enjoins all that is divine and enlightened in every land.
You may choose your words like a connoisseur, And polish it up with art, But the word that sways, and stirs, and stays, Is the word that comes from the heart.
Lying just for the fun of it is either art or pathology.
It is a sad fact about our culture that a poet can earn much more money writing or talking about his art than he can by practicing it.
The job of art is to chase ugliness away.
Art is so subjective, and people can react however they want.
Let us be true: this is the highest maxim of art and of life, the secret of eloquence and of virtue, and of all moral authority.
Everything that has ever been called folk art has always reflected domination.
Another unsettling element in modern art is that common symptom of immaturity, the dread of doing what has been done before.
Is art really the priesthood that demands the pure in heart who belong to it wholly?
Thought is more important than art. To revere art and have no understanding of the process that forces it into existence, is finally not even to understand what art is.
Art and science have their meeting point in method.
Death be not proud, though some have called thee Mighty and dreadful, for thou art not so. For, those, whom thou think'st thou dost overthrow. Die not, poor death, nor yet canst thou kill me.
You can calculate the worth of a man by the number of his enemies, and the importance of a work of art by the harm that is spoken of it.
I just get the feeling that if Jesse Helms was in charge of art in America, you'd go into a museum and see nothing but prints of dogs playing cards.
I think art is inherently nonviolent and it actually occupies your mind with creation rather than destruction.
Art is moral passion married to entertainment. Moral passion without entertainment is propaganda, and entertainment without moral passion is television.
In France, cooking is a serious art form and a national sport.
In general it can be said that a nation's art is greatest when it most reflects the character of its people.
To play safe, I prefer to accept only one type of power: the power of art over trash, the triumph of magic over the brute.
A frenzied passion for art is a canker that devours everything else.
To know how to suggest is the great art of teaching. To attain it we must be able to guess what will interest; we must learn to read the childish soul as we might a piece of music. Then, by simply changing the key, we keep up the attraction and vary the song.
A verbal art like poetry is reflective; it stops to think. Music is immediate, it goes on to become.
I'm free. I just do what I want, say what I want, say how I feel, and I don't try to hurt nobody. I just try to make sure that I don't compromise my art in any kind of way, and I think people respect that.
Evil is done without effort, naturally, it is the working of fate; good is always the product of an art.
Who would dare assign to art the sterile function of imitating nature?
Art is one thing that can go on mattering once it has stopped hurting.
Art is like a border of flowers along the course of civilization.
A woman is like a tea bag - you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water.
The age of a woman doesn't mean a thing. The best tunes are played on the oldest fiddles.
As usual, there is a great woman behind every idiot.
I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot.
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous.
Ah, women. They make the highs higher and the lows more frequent.
Women don't want to hear what you think. Women want to hear what they think - in a deeper voice.
Men are April when they woo, December when they wed. Maids are May when they are maids, but the sky changes when they are wives.
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness.
Man does not control his own fate. The women in his life do that for him.
No doubt exists that all women are crazy; it's only a question of degree.
After all those years as a woman hearing 'not thin enough, not pretty enough, not smart enough, not this enough, not that enough,' almost overnight I woke up one morning and thought, 'I'm enough.'
Clever and attractive women do not want to vote; they are willing to let men govern as long as they govern men.
A women who doesn't wear perfume has no future.
If women were particular about men's characters, they would never get married at all.
Women have always been the strong ones of the world. The men are always seeking from women a little pillow to put their heads down on. They are always longing for the mother who held them as infants.
You see a lot of smart guys with dumb women, but you hardly ever see a smart woman with a dumb guy.
Being the boss anywhere is lonely. Being a female boss in a world of mostly men is especially so.
Women need real moments of solitude and self-reflection to balance out how much of ourselves we give away.
Men and women belong to different species and communications between them is still in its infancy.
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.
When women go wrong, men go right after them.
Most women set out to try to change a man, and when they have changed him they do not like him.
I like intelligent women. When you go out, it shouldn't be a staring contest.
Women must tell men always that they are the strong ones. They are the big, the strong, the wonderful. In truth, women are the strong ones. It is just my opinion, I am not a professor.
I owe nothing to Women's Lib.
I measure the progress of a community by the degree of progress which women have achieved.
I don't know why women want any of the things men have when one the things that women have is men.
I think God made a woman to be strong and not to be trampled under the feet of men. I've always felt this way because my mother was a very strong woman, without a husband.
Plain women know more about men than beautiful women do.
The only really happy folk are married women and single men.
I guess at the end of the day, all women like to be appreciated and treated with respect and kindness.
Women cannot complain about men anymore until they start getting better taste in them.
Women have simple tastes. They get pleasure out of the conversation of children in arms and men in love.
I write for those women who do not speak, for those who do not have a voice because they were so terrified, because we are taught to respect fear more than ourselves. We've been taught that silence would save us, but it won't.
Being a woman is a terribly difficult task, since it consists principally in dealing with men.
I'm supposed to have a Ph.D. on the subject of women. But the truth is I've flunked more often than not. I'm very fond of women; I admire them. But, like all men, I don't understand them.
Women's Lib? Oh, I'm afraid it doesn't interest me one bit. I've been so liberated it hurts.
The trouble with life is that there are so many beautiful women and so little time.
I never realized until lately that women were supposed to be the inferior sex.
Women always excel men in that sort of wisdom which comes from experience. To be a woman is in itself a terrible experience.
There's no evidence whatsoever that men are more rational than women. Both sexes seem to be equally irrational.
You can tell the strength of a nation by the women behind its men.
Women will never be as successful as men because they have no wives to advise them.
Women want mediocre men, and men are working to be as mediocre as possible.
All women should know how to take care of children. Most of them will have a husband some day.
Men are by nature merely indifferent to one another; but women are by nature enemies.
In our society, the women who break down barriers are those who ignore limits.
Men are governed by lines of intellect - women: by curves of emotion.
Only men who are not interested in women are interested in women's clothes. Men who like women never notice what they wear.
I always play women I would date.
One can find women who have never had one love affair, but it is rare indeed to find any who have had only one.
Girls have an unfair advantage over men: if they can't get what they want by being smart, they can get it by being dumb.
God gave women intuition and femininity. Used properly, the combination easily jumbles the brain of any man I've ever met.
I've yet to be on a campus where most women weren't worrying about some aspect of combining marriage, children, and a career. I've yet to find one where many men were worrying about the same thing.
I'm not denyin' the women are foolish. God Almighty made 'em to match the men.
Wives are young men's mistresses, companions for middle age, and old men's nurses.
Women, can't live with them, can't live without them.
Some of us are becoming the men we wanted to marry.
The most virtuous women have something within them, something that is never chaste.
There are few virtuous women who are not bored with their trade.
Women in love are less ashamed than men. They have less to be ashamed of.
Childbirth is more admirable than conquest, more amazing than self-defense, and as courageous as either one.
I do not wish women to have power over men; but over themselves.
In too many instances, the march to globalization has also meant the marginalization of women and girls. And that must change.
I think that maybe if women and children were in charge we would get somewhere.
Women get more unhappy the more they try to liberate themselves.
Single women have a dreadful propensity for being poor. Which is one very strong argument in favor of matrimony.
Women, like men, should try to do the impossible. And when they fail, their failure should be a challenge to others.
Friends are generally of the same sex, for when men and women agree, it is only in the conclusions; their reasons are always different.
Whether women are better than men I cannot say - but I can say they are certainly no worse.
The first problem for all of us, men and women, is not to learn, but to unlearn.
It is little men know of women; their smiles and their tears alike are seldom what they seem.
I will not say that women have no character; rather, they have a new one every day.
Women are naturally secretive, and they like to do their own secreting.
Being a sex symbol has to do with an attitude, not looks. Most men think it's looks, most women know otherwise.
Speaking very generally, I find that women are spiritually, emotionally, and often physically stronger than men.
Women hold up half the sky.
There is a physical relationship with a woman that you don't have with anybody else, but that's not about love. Love is a spiritual thing.
Charm, in most men and nearly all women, is a decoration.
Women think with their whole bodies and they see things as a whole more than men do.
This man is frank and earnest with women. In Fresno, he's Frank and in Chicago he's Ernest.
Men mourn for what they have lost; women for what they ain't got.
Women love always: when earth slips from them, they take refuge in heaven.
To understand how any society functions you must understand the relationship between the men and the women.
I think that women just have a primeval instinct to make soup, which they will try to foist on anybody who looks like a likely candidate.
Women are the real architects of society.
I feel there is something unexplored about woman that only a woman can explore.
Men are allowed to have passion and commitment for their work... a woman is allowed that feeling for a man, but not her work.
Women need not always keep their mouths shut and their wombs open.
America is a land where men govern, but women rule.
It is easier for women to succeed in business, the arts, and politics in America than in Europe.
The test of civilization is its estimate of women.
I think today women are very scared to celebrate themselves, because then they just get labeled.
They say that women talk too much. If you have worked in Congress you know that the filibuster was invented by men.
What we women need to do, instead of worrying about what we don't have, is just love what we do have.
The connections between and among women are the most feared, the most problematic, and the most potentially transforming force on the planet.
Men and women, women and men. It will never work.
If men knew all that women think, they would be twenty times more audacious.
It's incredibly unfair. You don't see a lot of 60-year-old women with 20-year-old men onscreen.
I demanded more rights for women because I know what women had to put up with.
All women's issues are to some degree men's issues and all men's issues are to some degree women's issues because when either sex wins unilaterally both sexes lose.
A man who graduated high in his class at Yale Law School and made partnership in a top law firm would be celebrated. A man who invested wisely would be admired, but a woman who accomplishes this is treated with suspicion.
On the whole, I think women wear too much and are to fussy. You can't see the person for all the clutter.
When men reach their sixties and retire, they go to pieces. Women go right on cooking.
Women have been called queens for a long time, but the kingdom given them isn't worth ruling.
In love, women are professionals, men are amateurs.
I grew up in the Bronx where you would stay up late with your girlfriends, just being silly in our bedrooms, whatever. And I was always the clown.
People don't want to see women doing things they don't think women should do.
Why is it men are permitted to be obsessed about their work, but women are only permitted to be obsessed about men?
In life, single women are the most vulnerable adults. In movies, they are given imaginary power.
You can't raise the standard of women's morals by raising their pay envelope. It lies deeper than that.
For women's tears are but the sweat of eyes.
When anything goes, it's women who lose.
When women are encouraged to be competitive, too many of them become disagreeable.
Women, you can have it all - a loving man, devoted husband, loving children, a fabulous career.
Women want love to be a novel, men a short story.
In politics women type the letters, lick the stamps, distribute the pamphlets and get out the vote. Men get elected.
Women have a favorite room, men a favorite chair.
Women are incredible in groups together. Terrifying. Men have nothing on them.
Women like to sit down with trouble - as if it were knitting.
Were there no women, men might live like gods.
Women's value has been under-recognized for far too long.
The appalling thing is the degree of charity women are capable of. You see it all the time... love lavished on absolute fools. Love's a charity ward, you know.
The sight of women talking together has always made men uneasy; nowadays it means rank subversion.
You women could make someone fall in love even with a lie.
Intimacies between women often go backwards, beginning in revelations and ending in small talk.
Women are frightening. If you get to 41 as a man, you're quite battle-scarred.
Nature makes woman to be won and men to win.
Women may not have it easy, but we are given a fairer chance to reach for the top.
I think women are excellent social critics.
The No. 1 impediment to women succeeding in the workforce is now in the home.
And I think women have come a very, very long way, but they have a long way to go.
Disguise our bondage as we will, 'Tis woman, woman, rules us still.
I'll always prefer to play with women and hang out with women, and I'll always be a feminist.
I believe women still face a glass ceiling that must be shattered.
Years ago women of my size were considered royalty.
We're getting ready to take over the world. My group of girlfriends - we're renegades.
A lot of women say they love being pregnant, but I wasn't such a big fan.
Women are clear-headed, they are more creative and for this reason, sometimes, also more fragile.
A homely face and no figure have aided many women heavenward.
All issues are women's issues - and there are several that are just women's business.
Women are women, and hurray for that.
Women today have more of an overview of their lives and how marriage is or is not a part of it.
Women have a predestination to suffering.
You're not working with models, you're working with real women who have, like, anatomy. Models do not have anatomy.
Emancipation of women has made them lose their mystery.
Women don't realize how powerful they are.
The house a woman creates is a Utopia. She can't help it - can't help trying to interest her nearest and dearest not in happiness itself but in the search for it.
The labor of women in the house, certainly, enables men to produce more wealth than they otherwise could; and in this way women are economic factors in society. But so are horses.
What bugs me is that movies don't reflect how interesting and vibrant women are. We don't treasure women as they get older.
The women's movement completely changed attitudes all over the world in ways we'll never be able to count.
Women hear rhythm differently than men.
My advantage as a woman and a human being has been in having a mother who believed strongly in women's education. She was an early undergraduate at Oxford, and her own mother was a doctor.
I'm surrounded by very powerful women and very progressive men.
Women like myself, CEOs, can pave the way for more women to get to the top.
Women hate everything which strips off the tinsel of sentiment, and they are right, or it would rob them of their weapons.
I don't love dolls. I love women. I love their bodies.
I have been a woman for fifty years, and I've never yet been able to discover precisely what it is I am.
I always say God should have given women one extra decade at least, especially if you want a family. You're trying to pack a lot in.
Women are the first to jump on what is fashionable.
Women have this obsession with shoes.
Relationships are made of talk - and talk is for girls and women.
The only people you can really share certain things with in secret are your girlfriends.
One hair of a woman can draw more than a hundred pair of oxen.
All the world's a stage, and all the men and women merely players: they have their exits and their entrances; and one man in his time plays many parts, his acts being seven ages.
Women are made to be loved, not understood.
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose.
I see when men love women. They give them but a little of their lives. But women when they love give everything.
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance.
Between men and women there is no friendship possible. There is passion, enmity, worship, love, but no friendship.
The principle goal of education in the schools should be creating men and women who are capable of doing new things, not simply repeating what other generations have done.
Women are nothing but machines for producing children.
I speak Spanish to God, Italian to women, French to men, and German to my horse.
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments.
I don't hate women - they just sometimes make me mad.
Anyone who says he can see through women is missing a lot.
Motherhood is a great honor and privilege, yet it is also synonymous with servanthood. Every day women are called upon to selflessly meet the needs of their families. Whether they are awake at night nursing a baby, spending their time and money on less-than-grateful teenagers, or preparing meals, moms continuously put others before themselves.
Sometimes I wonder if men and women really suit each other. Perhaps they should live next door and just visit now and then.
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.
I love women, but I feel like you can't trust some of them. Some of them are liars, you know? Like I was in the park and I met this girl, she was cute and she had a dog. And I went up to her, we started talking. She told me her dog's name. Then I said, 'Does he bite?' She said, 'No.' And I said, 'Oh yeah? Then how does he eat?' Liar.
Men, their rights, and nothing more; women, their rights, and nothing less.
There are two powers in the world; one is the sword and the other is the pen. There is a great competition and rivalry between the two. There is a third power stronger than both, that of the women.
A women under stress is not immediately concerned with finding solutions to her problems but rather seeks relief by expressing herself and being understood.
Love is something far more than desire for sexual intercourse; it is the principal means of escape from the loneliness which afflicts most men and women throughout the greater part of their lives.
If women want any rights more than they's got, why don't they just take them, and not be talking about it.
Memorial Day this year is especially important as we are reminded almost daily of the great sacrifices that the men and women of the Armed Services make to defend our way of life.
We have to work harder to develop a profound theology of women within the church. The feminine genius is needed wherever we make important decisions.
Women won't let me stay single and I won't let me stay married.
The marvel of all history is the patience with which men and women submit to burdens unnecessarily laid upon them by their governments.
America's fighting men and women sacrifice much to ensure that our great nation stays free. We owe a debt of gratitude to the soldiers that have paid the ultimate price for this cause, as well as for those who are blessed enough to return from the battlefield unscathed.
Women are the largest untapped reservoir of talent in the world.
I can promise you that women working together - linked, informed and educated - can bring peace and prosperity to this forsaken planet.
Fashion is always of the time in which you live. It is not something standing alone. But the grand problem, the most important problem, is to rejeuvenate women. To make women look young. Then their outlook changes. They feel more joyous.
If there hadn't been women we'd still be squatting in a cave eating raw meat, because we made civilization in order to impress our girlfriends.
When freedom does not have a purpose, when it does not wish to know anything about the rule of law engraved in the hearts of men and women, when it does not listen to the voice of conscience, it turns against humanity and society.
Feminism is a socialist, anti-family, political movement that encourages women to leave their husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism and become lesbians.
All women do have a different sense of sexuality, or sense of fun, or sense of like what's sexy or cool or tough.
Deprived of meaningful work, men and women lose their reason for existence; they go stark, raving mad.
Women may fall when there's no strength in men.
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men and women are created equal.
All women have a perception much more developed than men. So all women somehow, being repressed for so many millennia, they ended up by developing this sixth sense and contemplation and love. And this is something that we have a hard time to accept as part of our society.
Women. They are a complete mystery.
If I became a philosopher, if I have so keenly sought this fame for which I'm still waiting, it's all been to seduce women basically.
Men kick friendship around like a football, but it doesn't seem to crack. Women treat it like glass and it goes to pieces.
I am an example of what is possible when girls from the very beginning of their lives are loved and nurtured by people around them. I was surrounded by extraordinary women in my life who taught me about quiet strength and dignity.
But what of black women?... I most sincerely doubt if any other race of women could have brought its fineness up through so devilish a fire.
I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper and the old men and old women warmer in the winter and happier in the summer.
Any time women come together with a collective intention, it's a powerful thing. Whether it's sitting down making a quilt, in a kitchen preparing a meal, in a club reading the same book, or around the table playing cards, or planning a birthday party, when women come together with a collective intention, magic happens.
Here in America we are descended in blood and in spirit from revolutionists and rebels - men and women who dare to dissent from accepted doctrine. As their heirs, may we never confuse honest dissent with disloyal subversion.
Once we hit forty, women only have about four taste buds left: one for vodka, one for wine, one for cheese, and one for chocolate.
Women, we might as well be dogs baying the moon as petitioners without the right to vote!
Women are like teabags. We don't know our true strength until we are in hot water!
All women become like their mothers. That is their tragedy. No man does. That's his.
The reason women don't play football is because 11 of them would never wear the same outfit in public.
Smart women love smart men more than smart men love smart women.
If you don't love yourself, you can't love anybody else. And I think as women we really forget that.
The use of the atomic bomb, with its indiscriminate killing of women and children, revolts my soul.
Men marry because they are tired; women, because they are curious; both are disappointed.
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us.
I think the part of media that romanticizes criminal behavior, things that a person will say against women, profanity, being gangster, having multiple children with multiple men and women and not wanting to is prevalent. When you look at the majority of shows on television they placate that kind of behavior.
There was a time in my life when I thought I had everything - millions of dollars, mansions, cars, nice clothes, beautiful women, and every other materialistic thing you can imagine. Now I struggle for peace.
It's not vanity to feel you have a right to be beautiful. Women are taught to feel we're not good enough, that we must live up to someone else's standards. But my aim is to cherish myself as I am.
It is generally recognised that women are better than men at languages, personal relations and multi-tasking, but less good at map-reading and spatial awareness. It is therefore not unreasonable to suppose that women might be less good at mathematics and physics.
Women are like cars: we all want a Ferrari, sometimes want a pickup truck, and end up with a station wagon.
Italians come to ruin most generally in three ways, women, gambling, and farming. My family chose the slowest one.
When the women's liberation movement began, when people began protesting against the Vietnam War, civil rights movement, at the beginning of those movements, the majority of the country was not with them, did not believe in the basic principles of any of those philosophies.
Bachelors know more about women than married men; if they didn't they'd be married too.
Oh, if I could but live another century and see the fruition of all the work for women! There is so much yet to be done.
Make women rational creatures, and free citizens, and they will quickly become good wives; - that is, if men do not neglect the duties of husbands and fathers.
My family has very strong women. My mother never laughed at my dream of Africa, even though everyone else did because we didn't have any money, because Africa was the 'dark continent', and because I was a girl.
As far as I knew white women were never lonely, except in books. White men adored them, Black men desired them and Black women worked for them.
A man has a tendency to accept you the way you are, while most women immediately start to pick flaws and want to change you.
All the reasonings of men are not worth one sentiment of women.
Sometimes negative news does come out, but it is often exaggerated and manipulated to spread scandal. Journalists sometimes risk becoming ill from coprophilia and thus fomenting coprophagia: which is a sin that taints all men and women, that is, the tendency to focus on the negative rather than the positive aspects.
I buy women shoes and they use them to walk away from me.
Above all, we must realize that no arsenal, or no weapon in the arsenals of the world, is so formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women. It is a weapon our adversaries in today's world do not have.
Women who seek to be equal with men lack ambition.
Women are, in my view, natural peacemakers. As givers and nurturers of life, through their focus on human relationships and their engagement with the demanding work of raising children and protecting family life, they develop a deep sense of empathy that cuts through to underlying human realities.
I am not a sexy woman, I'm not beautiful, I'm not a sex kitten, I don't flirt with people, yet I've been tagged more of sex symbol than women who truly are and I that's solely because I don't reveal too much: people are curious.
No struggle can ever succeed without women participating side by side with men.
If a country doesn't recognize minority rights and human rights, including women's rights, you will not have the kind of stability and prosperity that is possible.
Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail their failure must be but a challenge to others.
If we mean to have heroes, statesmen and philosophers, we should have learned women.
Most men are very attached to the idea of being male, and usually experience a lot of fear and insecurity around the idea of being a man. Most women are very identified with their gender, and also experience a tremendous amount of fear and insecurity.
You know, there's nothing damnable about being a strong woman. The world needs strong women. There are a lot of strong women you do not see who are guiding, helping, mothering strong men. They want to remain unseen. It's kind of nice to be able to play a strong woman who is seen.
When you start falling for somebody and you can't stop thinking about when you're going to see them again, I love that. Women are beautiful. They deserve to be cherished and respected.
What makes a woman beautiful is her loyalty to and her friendships with other women, and her honesty with men.
I have encountered riotous mobs and have been hung in effigy, but my motto is: Men's rights are nothing more. Women's rights are nothing less.
I'd much rather be a woman than a man. Women can cry, they can wear cute clothes, and they're the first to be rescued off sinking ships.
With over 3 million women battling breast cancer today, everywhere you turn there is a mother, daughter, sister, or friend who has been affected by breast cancer.
The prolonged slavery of women is the darkest page in human history.
When it comes to gossip, I have to readily admit men are as guilty as women.
There are only two types of women - goddesses and doormats.
The basic problem with my love relationships with women is that my standards are so high - and they apply equally to both of us. I seek full-blast mutual intensity, fully fledged mutual acceptance, full-blown mutual flourishing, and fully felt peace and joy with each other. This requires a level of physical attraction, personal adoration, and moral admiration that is hard to find.
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old.
Women are systematically degraded by receiving the trivial attentions which men think it manly to pay to the sex, when, in fact, men are insultingly supporting their own superiority.
The higher the better. It's more about an attitude. High heels empower women in a way.
No one is more arrogant toward women, more aggressive or scornful, than the man who is anxious about his virility.
But when women are moved and lend help, when women, who are by nature calm and controlled, give encouragement and applause, when virtuous and knowledgeable women grace the endeavor with their sweet love, then it is invincible.
I believe that the rights of women and girls is the unfinished business of the 21st century.
History has taught us over and over again that freedom is not free. When push comes to shove, the ultimate protectors of freedom and liberty are the brave men and women in our armed forces. Throughout our history, they've answered the call in bravery and sacrifice.
Sexual harassment on the job is not a problem for virtuous women.
There is no such thing as society: there are individual men and women, and there are families.
Women in particular need to keep an eye on their physical and mental health, because if we're scurrying to and from appointments and errands, we don't have a lot of time to take care of ourselves. We need to do a better job of putting ourselves higher on our own 'to do' list.
I'm quite sensitive to women. I saw how my sister got treated by boyfriends. I read this thing that said when you are in a relationship with a woman, imagine how you would feel if you were her father. That's been my approach, for the most part.
Women desire six things: They want their husbands to be brave, wise, rich, generous, obedient to wife, and lively in bed.
Some women flirt more with what they say, and some with what they do.
Resolved, that the women of this nation in 1876, have greater cause for discontent, rebellion and revolution than the men of 1776.
So much has been said and sung of beautiful young girls, why doesn't somebody wake up to the beauty of old women.
Breast cancer is not just a disease that strikes at women. It strikes at the very heart of who we are as women: how others perceive us, how we perceive ourselves, how we live, work and raise our families-or whether we do these things at all.
Although we have, in theory, abolished human slavery, recognized women's rights, and stopped child labor, we continue to enslave other species who, if we simply pay attention, show quite clearly that they experience parental love, pain, and the desire for freedom, just as we do.
The sadness of the women's movement is that they don't allow the necessity of love. See, I don't personally trust any revolution where love is not allowed.
I've exercised with women so thin that buzzards followed them to their cars.
It is our duty as men and women to proceed as though the limits of our abilities do not exist.
Welcome to Lake Wobegon, where all the women are strong, all the men are good-looking, and all the children are above average.
When men attempt bold gestures, generally it's considered romantic. When women do it, it's often considered desperate or psycho.
Too many women throw themselves into romance because they're afraid of being single, then start making compromises and losing their identity. I won't do that.
I think women are natural caretakers. They take care of everybody. They take care of their husbands and their kids and their dogs, and don't spend a lot of time just getting back and taking time out.
I do not consider divorce an evil by any means. It is just as much a refuge for women married to brutal men as Canada was to the slaves of brutal masters.
People are more violently opposed to fur than leather because it's safer to harass rich women than motorcycle gangs.
No nation can rise to the height of glory unless your women are side by side with you.
Women's natural role is to be a pillar of the family.
Because all of us believe and understand in the fabric of the common bond of why we call ourselves American is to care for the men and women who wear the uniform; and when they take off the uniform, we care for them when they are veterans.
To honor our national promise to our veterans, we must continue to improve services for our men and women in uniform today and provide long overdue benefits for the veterans and military retirees who have already served.
Fear of serious injury alone cannot justify oppression of free speech and assembly. Men feared witches and burnt women. It is the function of speech to free men from the bondage of irrational fears.
Women love us for our defects. If we have enough of them, they will forgive us everything, even our gigantic intellects.
Stupid as a man, say the women: cowardly as a woman, say the men. Stupidity in a woman is unwomanly.
Black men don't like to be called 'boys,' but women accept being called 'girls.'
I haven't trusted polls since I read that 62% of women had affairs during their lunch hour. I've never met a woman in my life who would give up lunch for sex.
When women love us, they forgive us everything, even our crimes; when they do not love us, they give us credit for nothing, not even our virtues.
A lot of women don't know how to love because there's deep reasons for them not knowing how to love. And what I mean by deep reasons is deep and dark reasons.
Women have served all these centuries as looking glasses possessing the power of reflecting the figure of man at twice its natural size.
Wherever men and women are persecuted because of their race, religion, or political views, that place must - at that moment - become the center of the universe.
You don't argue with a four-year old about why he shouldn't eat candy for dinner. You don't punch a mentally handicapped guy even if he punches you first. And you don't argue when a women tells you she's only making 80 cents to your dollar. It's the path of least resistance. You save your energy for more important battles.
Please know that I am aware of the hazards. I want to do it because I want to do it. Women must try to do things as men have tried. When they fail, their failure must be a challenge to others.
Men are not the enemy, but the fellow victims. The real enemy is women's denigration of themselves.
The issue is not abortion. The issue is whether women can make up their own mind instead of some right-wing pastor, some right-wing politician telling them what to do.
The Great Depression of the 1930s saw more American unmarried women working from nine to five, mostly in repetitive, boring, subordinate, dead-end jobs. But the number of working women doubled between 1870 and 1940. During World War II it doubled once again.
Men make the moral code and they expect women to accept it. They have decided that it is entirely right and proper for men to fight for their liberties and their rights, but that it is not right and proper for women to fight for theirs.
In the adjustment of the new order of things, we women demand an equal voice; we shall accept nothing less.
Behind all their personal vanity, women themselves always have an impersonal contempt for woman.
I do not believe in using women in combat, because females are too fierce.
If women are supposed to be less rational and more emotional at the beginning of our menstrual cycle when the female hormone is at its lowest level, then why isn't it logical to say that, in those few days, women behave the most like the way men behave all month long?
Let us leave pretty women to men devoid of imagination.
The animals of the world exist for their own reasons. They were not made for humans any more than black people were made for white, or women created for men.
I think women should start to embrace their age. What's the alternative to getting older? You die. I can't change the day I was born. But I can take care of my skin, my body, my mind, and try to live my life and be happy.
Feminism is hated because women are hated. Anti-feminism is a direct expression of misogyny; it is the political defense of women hating.
The desire to get married, which - I regret to say, I believe is basic and primal in women - is followed almost immediately by an equally basic and primal urge - which is to be single again.
I seem to be getting a lot of things pushed my way that are strong women. It's like people see Hackers and they send me offers to play tough women with guns, the kind who wear no bra and a little tank top. I'd like to play strong women who are also very feminine.
I am very sad for men and women trapped in any relationship where there is cruelty, dominance, inequity. I long for the liberation of all people.
There is a real vulgarity in the way women dress at the moment. They show off too much and try too hard. They don't understand where the line is between sexy and vulgar. I know where that line is.
I believe all men, all women, regardless of race, gender, socioeconomic background, you deserve the same rights.
Equal pay isn't just a women's issue; when women get equal pay, their family incomes rise and the whole family benefits.
The arc of American history almost inevitably moves toward freedom. Whether it's Lincoln and the Emancipation Proclamation, the expansion of women's rights or, now, gay rights, I think there is an almost-inevitable march toward greater civil liberties.
The feminine mystique has succeeded in burying millions of American women alive.
The battle for the individual rights of women is one of long standing and none of us should countenance anything which undermines it.
Too often the great decisions are originated and given form in bodies made up wholly of men, or so completely dominated by them that whatever of special value women have to offer is shunted aside without expression.
I'm a heroine addict. I need to have sex with women who have saved someone's life.
I thought I would try to be gay for a while, but I'm just more sexually attracted to women. But I'm really glad that I found a few gay friends, because it totally saved me from becoming a monk or something.
Decisiveness is a characteristic of high-performing men and women. Almost any decision is better than no decision at all.
I am drawn to women who are independent and creative, which is problematic because it's a struggle, a competition of careers. There's jealousy.
A women's greatest asset is her beauty.
When women are depressed, they eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. It's a whole different way of thinking.
I like women, but you can't always trust them. Some of them are big liars, like this one woman I met who had a dog. I asked her her dog's name and then I asked, 'Does he bite?' and she said, 'No.' And I said, 'So how does he eat?' Liar!
I became a lesbian because of women, because women are beautiful, strong, and compassionate.
In less enlightened times, the best way to impress women was to own a hot car. But women wised up and realized it was better to buy their own hot cars so they wouldn't have to ride around with jerks.
I just love bossy women. I could be around them all day. To me, bossy is not a pejorative term at all. It means somebody's passionate and engaged and ambitious and doesn't mind leading.
I think that women who know who they are are beautiful.
After about 20 years of marriage, I'm finally starting to scratch the surface of what women want. And I think the answer lies somewhere between conversation and chocolate.
Wolves and women are relational by nature, inquiring, possessed of great endurance and strength. They are deeply intuitive, intensely concerned with their young, their mate and their pack. Yet both have been hounded, harassed and falsely imputed to be devouring and devious, overly aggressive, of less value than those who are their detractors.
As women slowly gain power, their values and priorities are reshaping the agenda. A multitude of studies show that when women control the family funds, they generally spend more on health, nutrition, and education - and less on alcohol and cigarettes.
Old-fashioned ways which no longer apply to changed conditions are a snare in which the feet of women have always become readily entangled.
Young women today often have very little appreciation for the real battles that took place to get women where they are today in this country. I don't know how much history young women today know about those battles.
Every company has two organizational structures: The formal one is written on the charts; the other is the everyday relationship of the men and women in the organization.
You have nothing if you're texting a guy in a relationship. We can text six women a minute. We can text it and push 'reply all.' I mean, since we're lying, we might as well lie to everybody.
There will never be a new world order until women are a part of it.
We live in an era of globalization and the era of the woman. Never in the history of the world have women been more in control of their destiny.
A miracle is really the only way to describe motherhood and giving birth. It's unbelievable how God has made us women and babies to endure and be able to do so much. A miracle, indeed. Such an incredible blessing.
Women, with their sure instincts, realized that my intention was to make them not just more beautiful but also happier.
You must make women count as much as men; you must have an equal standard of morals; and the only way to enforce that is through giving women political power so that you can get that equal moral standard registered in the laws of the country. It is the only way.
Learning, while at school, that the charge for the education of girls was the same as that for boys, and that, when they became teachers, women received only half as much as men for their services, the injustice of this distinction was so apparent.
Women are never disarmed by compliments. Men always are. That is the difference between the sexes.
Long before history began we men have got together apart from the women and done things. We had time.
I have thought a sufficient measure of civilization is the influence of good women.
To a philosopher all news, as it is called, is gossip, and they who edit and read it are old women over their tea.
The battle for women's rights has been largely won.
But while they prate of economic laws, men and women are starving. We must lay hold of the fact that economic laws are not made by nature. They are made by human beings.
Guys are simple... women are not simple and they always assume that men must be just as complicated as they are, only way more mysterious. The whole point is guys are not thinking much. They are just what they appear to be. Tragically.
Men get to be a mixture of the charming mannerisms of the women they have known.
Our duty, as men and women, is to proceed as if limits to our ability did not exist. We are collaborators in creation.
If you cannot work on the marriage or the women is a moron, staying married and cheating makes the most sense because divorce is disruptive to the family life and your bank account.
We are victims of evil customs. It is a crime against humanity that our women are shut up within the four walls of the houses as prisoners. There is no sanction anywhere for the deplorable condition in which our women have to live.
It's funny how you never think about the women you've had. It's always the ones who get away that you can't forget.
All men and women have an equal need for love. When these needs are not fulfilled it is easy to have our feelings hurt, for which we blame our partner.
The story of the human race is the story of men and women selling themselves short.
Texas women have an amazing sense of purpose when they lose it. They're the best girls in the world - they're loyal and fun, but when they get mad, they'll try to kill you.
Human rights are women's rights, and women's rights are human rights.
I have to admit, like so many women, I always knew there was a chance. But like so many women, I never thought it would be me. I never thought I'd hear those devastating words: 'You have breast cancer.'
Lebanon was at one time known as a nation that rose above sectarian hatred; Beirut was known as the Paris of the Middle East. All of that was blown apart by senseless religious wars, financed and exploited in part by those who sought power and wealth. If women had been in charge, would they have been more sensible? It's a theory.
If this world is going to be a better place for our grandchildren and great-grandchildren, it will be women who make it so.
Women are the only exploited group in history to have been idealized into powerlessness.
I have frequently been questioned, especially by women, of how I could reconcile family life with a scientific career. Well, it has not been easy.
Women have no sympathy and my experience of women is almost as large as Europe.
I have lived and slept in the same bed with English countesses and Prussian farm women... no woman has excited passions among women more than I have.
Among men and women, those in love do not always announce themselves with declarations and vows. But they are the ones who weep when you're gone. Who miss you every single night, especially when the sky is so deep and beautiful, and the ground so very cold.
I don't know why femininity should be associated with weakness. Women should be free to express who they are without thinking, 'I need to act like a man, or I need to tone it down to be successful.' That's a very good way to keep women down.
Write in such a way as that you can be readily understood by both the young and the old, by men as well as women, even by children.
In Kenya women are the first victims of environmental degradation, because they are the ones who walk for hours looking for water, who fetch firewood, who provide food for their families.
Women are the victims of this patriarchal culture, but they are also its carriers. Let us keep in mind that every oppressive man was raised in the confines of his mother's home.
I don't really care what people tell children - when you believe in Santa Claus, the Easter Bunny and the Tooth Fairy, one more fib won't hurt. But I am infuriated by the growing notion, posited in some touchy-feely quarters, that all women are, or can be, beautiful.
God of peace, bring your peace to our violent world: peace in the hearts of all men and women and peace among the nations of the Earth.
I decided blacks should not have to experience the difficulties I had faced, so I decided to open a flying school and teach other black women to fly.
The door might not be opened to a woman again for a long, long time, and I had a kind of duty to other women to walk in and sit down on the chair that was offered, and so establish the right of others long hence and far distant in geography to sit in the high seats.
Men and women whose early youth was shaped in the ordeal of the Great Depression showed the values formed in that crucible when tyranny threatened a world.
This position is untenable, and there can be no pause in the agitation for full political power and responsibility until these are granted to all the women of the nation.
Women are considered deep - why? Because one can never discover any bottom to them. Women are not even shallow.
I have noticed... that men usually leave married women alone and are inclined to treat all wives with respect. This is no great credit to married women.
The man who loves other countries as much as his own stands on a level with the man who loves other women as much as he loves his own wife.
The big divide in this country is not between Democrats and Republicans, or women and men, but between talkers and doers.
Not only is women's work never done, the definition keeps changing.
There are some women whose pregnancy would make some sly bachelor smile.
Feminism was established to allow unattractive women easier access to the mainstream.
I shall earnestly and persistently continue to urge all women to the practical recognition of the old Revolutionary maxim. Resistance to tyranny is obedience to God.
Really, every woman is an example to me, because as women we go through so much pain. We have to live this perfect life when we are messed up inside. We all go through trials and tribulations.
African women in general need to know that it's OK for them to be the way they are - to see the way they are as a strength, and to be liberated from fear and from silence.
The history of progress is written in the blood of men and women who have dared to espouse an unpopular cause, as, for instance, the black man's right to his body, or woman's right to her soul.
The Bible and the Church have been the greatest stumbling blocks in the way of women's emancipation.
The unique and supreme voluptuousness of love lies in the certainty of committing evil. And men and women know from birth that in evil is found all sensual delight.
The education of women is the best way to save the environment.
My mother was very strong. Once, she picked up a coconut and smashed it against my father's head. It taught me about women defending themselves and not collapsing in a heap.
Men are self-confident because they grow up identifying with super-heroes. Women have bad self-images because they grow up identifying with Barbie.
I grew up in a time when women didn't really do comedy. You had to be homely, overweight, an old maid, all that. You had to play a stereotype, because very attractive women were not supposed to be funny - because it's powerful; it's a threat.
Women are most fascinating between the ages of 35 and 40 after they have won a few races and know how to pace themselves. Since few women ever pass 40, maximum fascination can continue indefinitely.
A study in the Washington Post says that women have better verbal skills than men. I just want to say to the authors of that study: 'Duh.'
Barbie ruined my life! It's a really bad image for women. For a long time I thought I was deformed - because my heels didn't touch the ground. I was walking around on tiptoes. What's up with that? I think that it's a bad thing for a woman to try to emulate.
For any of us in this room today, let's start out by admitting we're lucky. We don't live in the world our mothers lived in, our grandmothers lived in, where career choices for women were so limited.
Some women feel the best cure for a broken heart is a new beau.
No longer shall I paint interiors with men reading and women knitting. I will paint living people who breathe and feel and suffer and love.
Even if society dictates that men and women should behave in certain ways, it is fathers and mothers who teach those ways to children not just in the words they say, but in the lives they lead.
Women who marry early are often overly enamored of the kind of man who looks great in wedding pictures and passes the maid of honor his telephone number.
A church without women would be like the apostolic college without Mary. The Madonna is more important than the apostles, and the church herself is feminine, the spouse of Christ and a mother.
If women be educated for dependence; that is, to act according to the will of another fallible being, and submit, right or wrong, to power, where are we to stop?
Soon we saw that money going to women brought much more benefit to the family than money going to the men. So we changed our policy and gave a high priority to women. As a result, now 96% of our four million borrowers in Grameen Bank are women.
Men and women must be educated, in a great degree, by the opinions and manners of the society they live in.
We, the women of the Senate, with President Obama by our side, will keep fighting - our shoulders square, our lipstick on - because you deserve equal pay for your hard work.
When I think of the most beautiful women, they're not supermodels.
There is no development strategy more beneficial to society as a whole - women and men alike - than the one which involves women as central players.
Men, women, and children who cannot live on gravity alone need something to satisfy their gayer, lighter moods and hours, and he who ministers to this want is, in my opinion, in a business established by the Creator of our nature. If he worthily fulfills his mission and amuses without corrupting, he need never feel that he has lived in vain.
This world crisis came about without women having anything to do with it. If the women of the world had not been excluded from world affairs, things today might have been different.
Yes, women are stronger than us. They face more directly the problems that confront them, and for that reason they are much more spectacular to talk about. I don't know why I am more interested in women, because I don't go to any psychiatrists, and I don't want to know why.
We women of America tell you that America is not a democracy. Twenty million women are denied the right to vote.
One of the factors a country's economy depends on is human capital. If you don't provide women with adequate access to healthcare, education and employment, you lose at least half of your potential. So, gender equality and women's empowerment bring huge economic benefits.
I know what women want. They want to be beautiful.
My dream is to save women from nature.
Women are more sure of themselves today. They don't have to emulate the way men dress.
I think women should wear whatever makeup they want for themselves. Makeup should be fun.
I think, with never-ending gratitude, that the young women of today do not and can never know at what price their right to free speech and to speak at all in public has been earned.
I want for myself what I want for other women, absolute equality.
Can you not see that women could do and would do a hundred times more for the slave, if she were not fettered?
I have always had a talent for irritating women since I was fourteen.
It is the most sensual men who need to flee women and torment their bodies.
Very learned women are to be found, in the same manner as female warriors; but they are seldom or ever inventors.
Women are like elephants. I like to look at 'em, but I wouldn't want to own one.
I was ecstatic they re-named 'French Fries' as 'Freedom Fries'. Grown men and women in positions of power in the U.S. government showing themselves as idiots.
If women ran the world we wouldn't have wars, just intense negotiations every 28 days.
Women wish to be loved without a why or a wherefore; not because they are pretty, or good, or well-bred, or graceful, or intelligent, but because they are themselves.
We say that slavery has vanished from European civilization, but this is not true. Slavery still exists, but now it applies only to women and its name is prostitution.
When you're wounded and left on Afghanistan's plains, and the women come out to cut up what remains, jest roll to your rifle and blow out your brains and go to your gawd like a soldier.
I think all women go through periods where we hate this about ourselves, we don't like that. It's great to get to a place where you dismiss anything you're worried about. I find flaws attractive. I find scars attractive.
It is true that a fellow cannot ignore women - but he can think of them as he ought - as sisters, not as sparring partners.
Women, as they grow older, rely more and more on cosmetics. Men, as they grow older, rely more and more on a sense of humor.
Men become much more attractive when they start looking older. But it doesn't do much for women, though we do have an advantage: make-up.
It is past time for women to take their rightful place, side by side with men, in the rooms where the fates of peoples, where their children's and grandchildren's fates, are decided.
If American women would increase their voting turnout by ten percent, I think we would see an end to all of the budget cuts in programs benefiting women and children.
Convent - a place of retirement for women who wish for leisure to meditate upon the sin of idleness.
No man can call himself liberal, or radical, or even a conservative advocate of fair play, if his work depends in any way on the unpaid or underpaid labor of women at home, or in the office.
We don't have enough support for maternal leave and the kinds of things that some of the European countries do. So we still make it hard on women to go into the work force and feel that they can be good at work but then doing the most important job, which is raising your children in a responsible and positive way.
A lot of very beautiful women can be a pain because all they're thinking about is how they look.
Those men get along best with women who can get along best without them.
So many women just don't know how great they really are. They come to us all vogue outside and vague on the inside.
When men hear women want a commitment, they think it means commitment to a romantic relationship, but that's not it. It's a commitment to not floating around anymore. I want a guy who is entrenched in his own life. Entrenched is awesome.
There can be no equality or opportunity if men and women and children be not shielded in their lives from the consequences of great industrial and social processes which they cannot alter, control, or singly cope with.
Women priests. Great, great. Now there's priests of both sexes I don't listen to.
People think of Latina women as being fiery and fierce, which is usually true. But I think the quality that so many Latinas possess is strength. I'm very proud to have Latin blood.
The power of the harasser, the abuser, the rapist depends above all on the silence of women.
Freedom is secured every day by our men and women in uniform. We must build a future worthy of their sacrifice.
What I would say to the young men and women who are beset by hopelessness and doubt is that they should go and see what is being done on the ground to fight poverty, not like going to the zoo but to take action, to open their hearts and their consciences.
If it's true that men are such beasts, this must account for the fact that most women are animal lovers.
Whatever women do, they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good. Luckily, this is not difficult.
I grew up with my father, so I know more about cars than most women.
Women must pay for everything. They do get more glory than men for comparable feats, but, they also get more notoriety when they crash.
The new pope knows that his task is to make the light of Christ shine before men and women of world - not his own light, but that of Christ.
And I highly recommend for all the women in the world, even if they're 71, you can never take for granted that he loves you. It's always good to flirt with him. It's a great sport.
If you live in rock and roll, as I do, you see the reality of sex, of male lust and women being aroused by male lust. It attracts women. It doesn't repel them.
There's a lot of thought in art. People get to talk about important things. There's a lot of sex, you know, in art. There's a lot of naked women and men, and there's intrigue, there's fakery. It's a real microcosm of the larger world.
As we look forward to freedom, the shining city on the hill and the best days of America lying ahead, it is the men and women in uniform who protect, defend and make us proud to whom we should look and give thanks every night.
I want women to be liberated and still be able to have a nice ass and shake it.
Surrounding myself with beautiful women keeps me young.
If you ask men why they did a good job, they'll say, 'I'm awesome. Obviously. Why are you even asking?' If you ask women why they did a good job, what they'll say is someone helped them, they got lucky, they worked really hard.
Bias has to be taught. If you hear your parents downgrading women or people of different backgrounds, why, you are going to do that.
All places where women are excluded tend downward to barbarism; but the moment she is introduced, there come in with her courtesy, cleanliness, sobriety, and order.
Capitalism has its weaknesses. But it is capitalism that ended the stranglehold of the hereditary aristocracies, raised the standard of living for most of the world and enabled the emancipation of women.
Women, if the soul of the nation is to be saved, I believe that you must become its soul.
I grew up in a makeup chair. And to see the women around me getting ready was so aspirational. It's about mothers and daughters, a girl watching her mom at a vanity table.
I believe there is complete equality between men and women. And I believe those passages in the New Testament, not by Jesus, but by Paul, that say women should not adorn themselves, they should always wear hats or color their hair in church - things like that - I think they are signs of the times and should not apply to modern-day life.
Women of the working class, especially wage workers, should not have more than two children at most. The average working man can support no more and and the average working woman can take care of no more in decent fashion.
Women are not making it to the top. A hundred and ninety heads of state; nine are women. Of all the people in parliament in the world, thirteen per cent are women. In the corporate sector, women at the top - C-level jobs, board seats - tops out at fifteen, sixteen per cent.
Why can't women get along? Because we're afraid. We're afraid to be vulnerable. We're afraid to be soft. We're afraid to be hurt. But most of all, we're afraid of our power. So we become controlling and aggressive and vicious.
Feminism is dated? Yes, for privileged women like my daughter and all of us here today, but not for most of our sisters in the rest of the world who are still forced into premature marriage, prostitution, forced labor - they have children that they don't want or they cannot feed.
Most women don't like good men. They say they want a good buy, but most women always wind up with the bad boy.
There are three roads to ruin; women, gambling and technicians. The most pleasant is with women, the quickest is with gambling, but the surest is with technicians.
Gaming in general is a male thing. It isn't that gaming is designed to exclude women. Everybody who's tried to design a game to interest a large female audience has failed. And I think that has to do with the different thinking processes of men and women.
You think intercourse is a private act; it's not, it's a social act. Men are sexually predatory in life; and women are sexually manipulative. When two individuals come together and leave their gender outside the bedroom door, then they make love.
Women have fought so long and hard for our rights and equality, and now all our attention is put on being a size 0.
Women should never go without earrings. Passing on them is an opportunity missed.
Guitars are like women. You'll never get them totally right.
For most women, the language of conversation is primarily a language of rapport: a way of establishing connections and negotiating relationships.
A hush is over everything, Silent as women wait for love; The world is waiting for the spring.
In the '60s, when I was growing up, one of the great elements of American culture was the protest song. There were songs about the civil rights movement, the women's rights movement, the antiwar movement. It wasn't just Bob Dylan, it was everybody at the time.
I've always had the impression that real militants are like cleaning women, doing a thankless, daily but necessary job.
My little girls are the most beautiful women in the world. I am a lucky, lucky man. I will spend every day making sure that they know this.
The upward course of a nation's history is due in the long run to the soundness of heart of its average men and women.
We are seeing a great awakening. A national movement of We the People, brought together by what unites us - a shared love of liberty, and an understanding of the unlimited potential of free men and free women.
There is all this controversy that women and girls are too skinny or too overweight. I say to just do martial arts and everything will be okay. You will tone up your body and find a confidence you can't find just sitting around watching TV and hanging out with friends.
Guilt is one side of a nasty triangle; the other two are shame and stigma. This grim coalition combines to inculpate women themselves of the crimes committed against them.
I could sooner reconcile all Europe than two women.
When they told me my new-born babe was a girl, my heart was heavier than it had ever been before. Slavery is terrible for men; but it is far more terrible for women.
The Woman's Party is made up of women of all races, creeds and nationalities who are united on the one program of working to raise the status of women.
But really, we also need to learn how to love one another as women. How to appreciate and respect each other.
I truly believe that women should be financially independent from their men. And let's face it, money gives men the power to run the show. It gives men the power to define value. They define what's sexy. And men define what's feminine. It's ridiculous.
When I grew up in the South, I was taught that segregation was the will of God, and the Bible was quoted to prove it. I was taught that women were by nature in inferior to men, and the Bible was quoted to prove it. I was taught that it was okay to hate other religions, and especially the Jews, and the Bible was quoted to prove it.
If it is right for men to fight for their freedom, and God knows what the human race would be like today if men had not, since time began, fought for their freedom, then it is right for women to fight for their freedom and the freedom of the children they bear.
I just like short hair on women; I think it's cool.
It is hardly surprising that women concentrate on the way they look instead of what is in their minds since not much has been put in their minds to begin with.
As costly as it was in the lives of our men and women in uniform, in military assets, and in esteem and pride, Pearl Harbor was a watershed moment for America.
People say Malala's voice is being sold to the world. But I see it as Malala's voice reaching the world and resonating globally. You should think about what is behind Malala's voice. What is she saying? I am only talking about education, women's rights, and peace.
Mr. President how long must women wait to get their liberty? Let us have the rights we deserve.
Fashion is killing women's body image of themselves.
Women ought to feel a peculiar sympathy in the colored man's wrong, for, like him, she has been accused of mental inferiority, and denied the privileges of a liberal education.
Men's vows are women's traitors!
I'm interested in women's health because I'm a woman. I'd be a darn fool not to be on my own side.
I'm always rather nervous about how you talk about women who are active in politics, whether they want to be talked about as women or as politicians.
Women should be obscene and not heard.
There are women succeeding beyond their wildest dreams because of their sobriety.
Marriage is for women the commonest mode of livelihood, and the total amount of undesired sex endured by women is probably greater in marriage than in prostitution.
Men have a much better time of it than women. For one thing, they marry later; for another thing, they die earlier.
Aristotle could have avoided the mistake of thinking that women have fewer teeth than men, by the simple device of asking Mrs. Aristotle to keep her mouth open while he counted.
Few women, I fear, have had such reason as I have to think the long sad years of youth were worth living for the sake of middle age.
There are a number of mechanical devices which increase sexual arousal, particularly in women. Chief among these is the Mercedes-Benz 380SL convertible.
Many societies have educated their male children on the simple device of teaching them not to be women.
Women are the engine driving the growth in California's economy. Women make California's economy unique.
The faces of most American women over thirty are relief maps of petulant and bewildered unhappiness.
Nature has given women so much power that the law has very wisely given them little.
Men aren't the way they are because they want to drive women crazy; they've been trained to be that way for thousands of years. And that training makes it very difficult for men to be intimate.
Women are the real reason we get up every day. I'm talking about real men. If there were no women, I would not even have to bathe, because why would I care? These are guys I'm hanging with. I wake up for a woman every day of my life to make it happen for her.
What is sad for women of my generation is that they weren't supposed to work if they had families. What were they going to do when the children are grown - watch the raindrops coming down the window pane?
Some women can be fooled all of the time, and all women can be fooled some of the time, but the same woman can't be fooled by the same man in the same way more than half of the time.
The truth is, I often like women. I like their unconventionality. I like their completeness. I like their anonymity.
Love him or hate him, Trump is a man who is certain about what he wants and sets out to get it, no holds barred. Women find his power almost as much of a turn-on as his money.
The real religion of the world comes from women much more than from men - from mothers most of all, who carry the key of our souls in their bosoms.
If one could be friendly with women, what a pleasure - the relationship so secret and private compared with relations with men. Why not write about it truthfully?
The men and women of Afghanistan are building a nation that is free, and proud, and fighting terror - and America is honored to be their friend.
Many women long for what eludes them, and like not what is offered them.
Money and women. They're two of the strongest things in the world. The things you do for a woman you wouldn't do for anything else. Same with money.
I like a women who's got some balls, some strength. As long as I can beat her at arm wrestling, that's fine.
Women know what men have long forgotten. The ultimate economic and spiritual unit of any civilization is still the family.
There is no more lively sensation than that of pain; its impressions are certain and dependable, they never deceive as may those of the pleasure women perpetually feign and almost never experience.
Clearly no one knows what leadership has gone undiscovered in women of all races, and in black and other minority men.
How can smart women be so stupid about men sometimes? Lack of knowledge. It's what men have kept secret for so long.
Having two daughters changed my perspective on a lot of things, and I definitely have a newfound respect for women. And I think I finally became a good and real man when I had a daughter.
Women complain about PMS, but I think of it as the only time of the month when I can be myself.
I didn't want to let women down. One of the stereotypes I see breaking is the idea of aging and older women not being beautiful.
What is the most beautiful in virile men is something feminine; what is most beautiful in feminine women is something masculine.
Because I have work to care about, it is possible that I may be less difficult to get along with than other women when the double chins start to form.
Something that's such a joy in my life every day - cooking - is this incredible, horrific danger to women around the world.
Men want to make women happy. We want to do it. We don't know how to do it. Sometimes we do it, and we don't know how we did it. We can't ask how we did it because it looks like you don't know what you're doing. We can't do nothing. If you do nothing, she says 'I can't believe you're doing that.' We say 'I'm not doing anything.' She starts crying.
It's rather splendid to think of all those great men and women who appear to have presented symptoms that allow us to describe them as bipolar. Whether it's Hemingway, Van Gogh... Robert Schumann has been mentioned... Virginia Woolf, Sylvia Plath... some of them with rather grim ends.
I'm a simple man. All I want is enough sleep for two normal men, enough whiskey for three, and enough women for four.
Feminism is liberalism, and look at what it's doing, look at what it's promoting, look at what it's condoning. All the while, we have to live in this lie that there's some sort of Republican War on Women. We don't do this to women! We don't objectify women like this.
All societies on the verge of death are masculine. A society can survive with only one man; no society will survive a shortage of women.
It would be a much better country if women did not vote. That is simply a fact. In fact, in every presidential election since 1950 - except Goldwater in '64 - the Republican would have won, if only the men had voted.
I love being a woman and I was not one of these women who rose through professional life by wearing men's clothes or looking masculine. I loved wearing bright colors and being who I am.
There are over 200 million illiterate women in India. This low literacy negatively impacts not just their lives but also their families' and the country's economic development. A girl's lack of education also has a negative impact on the health and well-being of her children.
In the Church, and in the journey of faith, women have had and still have a special role in opening doors to the Lord.
Time is the most valuable thing on earth: time to think, time to act, time to extend our fraternal relations, time to become better men, time to become better women, time to become better and more independent citizens.
When the British came to Ibo land, for instance, at the beginning of the 20th century, and defeated the men in pitched battles in different places, and set up their administrations, the men surrendered. And it was the women who led the first revolt.
Women are always complaining about men's fascination with breasts. But what if men were absolutely indifferent to breasts? What would women do then with these things that serve one function once or twice in a lifetime, and the rest of the time are just in the way?
It's always wonderful to get to know women, with the mystery and the joy and the depth. If you can make a woman laugh, you're seeing the most beautiful thing on God's Earth.
Women have always ruled my life, be it my mother, my wife, my assistant, or my daughter, so I don't really fight with them. I relinquished control years ago.
I think women are really good at making friends and not good at networking. Men are good at networking and not necessarily making friends. That's a gross generalization, but I think it holds in many ways.
It was easy to persecute me without people feeling ashamed. It was easy to vilify me and project me as a woman who was not following the tradition of a 'good African woman' and as a highly educated elitist who was trying to show innocent African women ways of doing things that were not acceptable to African men.
Black women don't have the same body image problems as white women. They are proud of their bodies.
As Americans, we don't see the role of government as guaranteeing outcomes, but allowing free men and women to flourish based on their own vision, their hard work and their personal responsibility.
I don't mind a dirty girl. But what I find tragic is when we, as women, become not the subject of our own story but someone else's object.
It's easy to dislike the few senior women out there. What if women were half the positions in power? It would be harder to dislike all of them.
Equality is like gravity. We need it to stand on this earth as men and women.
More countries have understood that women's equality is a prerequisite for development.
Study after study confirms that even when you control for variables like profession, education, hours worked, age, marital status, and children, men still are compensated substantially more - even in professions, like nursing, dominated by women. No wonder there's a gender gap.
We call our little girls bossy. Go to a playground; little girls get called bossy all the time - a word that's almost never used for boys - and that leads directly to the problems women face in the workforce.
I'm trying to build a strong business. I want to create new stars, new shows and new products for my audience and create a legacy that outlives me. There are so many other ways I want to reach women besides doing a talk show.
I can't understand why the front pages of newspapers can cover bird flu and swine flu and everybody is up in arms about that and we still haven't really woken up to the fact that so many women in sub-Saharan Africa - 60 percent of people in - infected with HIV are women.
High heels empower women in a way.
I have always felt strongly about empowering women. I'm living proof that, with confidence and by believing in yourself, you can accomplish any goal.
Women must learn to find self-worth within themselves, not through others. It is important to carve out a place just for you.
Women's rights is not only an abstraction, a cause; it is also a personal affair. It is not only about us; it is also about me and you. Just the two of us.
There are so many things to talk about between black people, Hispanic people, white people, gay people, men, women, it's all based on fear. We all have fears, this thing that stops us from embracing as we are one. We are never going to be one. People are messed up, but humor lets us see how ignorant we can be.
Sensible and responsible women do not want to vote. The relative positions to be assumed by man and woman in the working out of our civilization were assigned long ago by a higher intelligence than ours.
My message to women is: Women: We can do it. We are capable of doing almost anything, but we must learn we cannot do it all at once, we need to prioritize.
The Queen is most anxious to enlist everyone in checking this mad, wicked folly of 'Women's Rights'. It is a subject which makes the Queen so furious that she cannot contain herself.
I want to empower women. I want people to be afraid of the women I dress.
If men knew how women pass the time when they are alone, they'd never marry.
Two thousand years ago, we lived in a world of Gods and Goddesses. Today, we live in a world solely of Gods. Women in most cultures have been stripped of their spiritual power.
There might be a lot of difference between Republicans and Democrats on key social issues like women's rights and health care. But when it comes to taking corporate cash, they're pretty much the same beast.
Breast cancer is being detected at an earlier, more treatable stage these days, largely because women are taking more preventive measures, like self-exams and regular mammograms. And treatment is getting better too.
I'm interested in what happens to people when they get into that publicity machine. We tend to think things have changed, but there's still a deep sexism underlying the way women are treated publicly.
I think feminism means what it has always meant - women want to use all their gifts, all their talents and be judged impartially for them. I don't think feminism has ever meant anything else.
Women always try to see the one good part of The Weird Guy because the dating landscape is so bleak. Women will say, 'He's very odd, but he likes to cook. He's creepy, but he makes good pancakes!'
I can hear the roar of women's silence.
Here's the thing, men have to also mature in how they see women, too. Because they need to understand that it's not just about how we look, it's about who we are. And I am going to tell you like this, 'If you can't love me with short hair, and you telling me I got to have long hair to be loved, guess what, I ain't the one for you.'
I make a point to never, ever point out my physical flaws... this is advice I give to women as often as I can. People don't notice the things we see in ourselves that we hate, so why direct them to it?
A sexual revolution begins with the emancipation of women, who are the chief victims of patriarchy, and also with the ending of homosexual oppression.
Many differences are rooted in biology and reinforced through culture, so it's important to acknowledge that. Because if you say men and women are the same and if male behaviour is the norm, and women are always expected to act like men, we will never be as good at being men as men are.
Men's memoirs are about answers; women's memoirs are about questions. Most male authors want to look good in their memoirs and have a place in posterity, while most women know that posterity is what happens when you no longer care. Women want to connect with others here and now; they couldn't care less about legacy!
What is feminism? Simply the belief that women should be as free as men, however nuts, dim, deluded, badly dressed, fat, receding, lazy, and smug they might be.
What some men don't understand is that by opposing policies to reduce violence, promote equal pay and universal healthcare and voting to limit access to contraception and legal abortion, they are relegating women to another century, a time when men ruled exclusively and women were considered property and had to be guided by a firm masculine hand.
When women reassert their relationship with the wildish nature, they are gifted with a permanent and internal watcher, a knower, a visionary, an oracle, an inspiratrice, an intuitive, a maker, a creator, an inventor, and a listener who guide, suggest, and urge vibrant life in the inner and outer world.
If there's specific resistance to women making movies, I just choose to ignore that as an obstacle for two reasons: I can't change my gender, and I refuse to stop making movies.
Women are better at reading body language everywhere in the world. As a matter of fact, it's associated with the female hormone estrogen. Women are better at figuring out of tone of voice, reading your face and posture and gesture.
I'm not telling women to be like men. I'm telling us to evaluate what men and women do in the workforce and at home without the gender bias.
Young women from a very young age are taught that life will be easier if you can just turn on the charming smile and say very little and be complacent and docile and sweet.
There's something incredibly sexy about sand and sweat and dunes photographed like women's backs.
We live in a quick-fix society where we need instant gratification for everything. Too fat? Get lipo-sucked. Stringy hair? Glue on extensions. Wrinkles and lines? Head to the beauty shop for a pot of the latest miracle skin stuff. It's all a beautiful &pound;1 billion con foisted upon insecure women by canny cosmetic conglomerates.
I never expected to get the Tom Jones treatment and it amazes me that I do. Strangely it's women who throw their underwear at me when I'm performing live. My male fans tend to be quite shy. My female fans are wild. I never know what to do with all the lingerie that lands at my feet. Maybe I should open a shop.
There's something brave and touching about game girls of all ages keeping themselves smart in hard times - one thinks of those wonderful women during World War II drawing stocking seams in eyebrow pencil up the back of legs stained with gravy browning because nylons were so hard to get hold of.
I want to thank all the women who have worn my clothes, the famous and the unknown, who have been so faithful to me and given me so much joy.
You, too, women, cast away all the cowards from your embraces; they will give you only cowards for children, and you who are the daughters of the land of beauty must bear children who are noble and brave.
Women always want to be what they're not: If you're the pretty girl, you want to be the quirky girl. If you're the smart girl, you want to be the pretty girl.
Women's strong qualities have become despised because of their weakness. The obvious remedy is to create a feminine character with all the strength of Superman plus all the allure of a good and beautiful woman.
I grew up in a house full of women: my mother, grandmother, three sisters, and two female cats. And I still have the buzz of their conversations in my head. As an adult, I have more female friends than male ones: I just love the way that women talk.
As a woman leader, I thought I brought a different kind of leadership. I was interested in women's issues, in bringing down the population growth rate... as a woman, I entered politics with an additional dimension - that of a mother.
There's just something about vampires that's sexy. It's the same reason why women go for the bad boy - you want them but you shouldn't have them.
Reproductive choice has to be straightened out. There will never be a woman of means without choice anymore. That just seems to me so obvious. The states that changed their abortion laws before Roe are not going to change back. So we have a policy that only affects poor women, and it can never be otherwise.
Until women learn to want economic independence, and until they work out a way to get this independence without denying themselves the joys of love and motherhood, it seems to me feminism has no roots.
I often think a lot of women's attraction to vampires is based on the fact that vampires come from centuries ago, from eras of chivalry and courtly virtues.
And the first commandment of feminism is: I am woman; thou shalt not tolerate strange gods who assert that women have capabilities or often choose roles that are different from men's.
It's now taken for granted that women are in bands and you can say feminist things in your songs. But back in the early '90s, there was a lot of violence at Bikini Kill shows that people don't realize happened.
The failure of women to have reached positions of leadership has been due in large part to social and professional discrimination.
Women work harder. And women are more honest; they have less reasons to be corrupt.
My mother was a dominant force in our family. And I always saw her as the leader. And that was great for me as a young woman, because I never saw that women had to be dominated by men.
The one thing I have never been afraid of is standing before important people and speaking my mind. I represent women who may never have the opportunity to go to the UN or meet with a president. I'm never afraid to speak truth to power.
The idea that women are innately gentle is a fantasy, and a historically recent one. Kali, the Hindu goddess of destruction, is depicted as wreathed in male human skulls; the cruel entertainments of the Romans drew audiences as female as they were male; Boudicca led her British troops bloodily into battle.
Women have talent and intelligence but, due to social constraints and prejudices, it is still a long distance away from the goal of gender equality.
There are always women who will take men on their own terms. If I were a man I wouldn't bother to change while there are women like that around.
Suffrage is a common right of citizenship. Women have the right of suffrage. Logically it cannot be escaped.
At the end of the day, both men and women who become CEOs have showed tenacity and hard work to succeed in their careers. It takes not just skills but also extreme dedication and commitment. And regardless of gender, CEOs are measured by the same criteria - the growth and success of the business.
Looking towards the future, one of the most important issues the national community must face is the widening gap between the liberated, modern, independent women and our traditional men who are being left behind.
We need to see men and women as equal partners, but it's hard to think of movies that do that. When I talk to people, they think of movies of forty-five years ago! Hepburn and Tracy!
As a vibrant force in civil society, women continue to press for their rights, equal participation in decision-making, and the upholding of the principles of the revolution by the highest levels of leadership in Egypt.
It should be remarked that, as the principle of liberty is better understood, and more nobly interpreted, a broader protest is made in behalf of women. As men become aware that few have had a fair chance, they are inclined to say that no women have had a fair chance.
Calling gender violence a women's issue is part of the problem. It gives a lot of men an excuse not to pay attention.
Well, the tyranny of masculinity and the tyranny of patriarchy I think has been much more deadly to men than it has to women. It hasn't killed our hearts. It's killed men's hearts. It's silenced them; it's cut them off.
The first organised opposition by women to women's suffrage in England dates from 1889, when a number of ladies led by Mrs Ward appealed against the proposed extension of the Parliamentary suffrage to women.
I was at a meeting two years ago in Beijing, and I passed a bunch of women who were marching in a protest. Their signs were probably saying something I wouldn't have agreed with at all. But I was so glad to see women marching. And it's happening all over the world.
It is essential that the women's preventive coverage benefit, including contraception, be available to all women, regardless of what health plan they have or where they work - as Congress intended. Providing access to birth control just makes good sense.
We Abolition Women are turning the world upside down.
Hence, within the space of two generations there has been a complete revolution in the attitude of the trades-unions toward the women working in their trades.
The fickleness of the women I love is only equalled by the infernal constancy of the women who love me.
A man can be short and dumpy and getting bald but if he has fire, women will like him.
Nothing can be more absurd than the practice that prevails in our country of men and women not following the same pursuits with all their strengths and with one mind, for thus, the state instead of being whole is reduced to half.
Once you get a spice in your home, you have it forever. Women never throw out spices. The Egyptians were buried with their spices. I know which one I'm taking with me when I go.
I try to speak my points of view about black America, and how I feel about black men and the role that black men should play in their lives with their children and in their lives with their women.
As I've said, there were patriots who supported this war, and patriots who opposed it. And all of us are united in appreciation for our servicemen and women, and our hopes for Iraqis' future.
Money and women are the most sought after and the least known about of any two things we have.
Why are women... so much more interesting to men than men are to women?
A man's brain has a more difficult time shifting from thinking to feeling than a women's brain does.
Love is an emotion that is based on an opinion of women that is impossible for those who have had any experience with them.
The three great problems of this century; the degradation of man in the proletariat, the subjection of women through hunger, the atrophy of the child by darkness.
I try to write parts for women that are as complicated and interesting as women actually are.
Women prefer to talk in twos, while men prefer to talk in threes.
Women: You can't live with them, and you can't get them to dress up in a skimpy little Nazi costume and beat you with a warm squash or something.
Freedom is a right ultimately defended by the sacrifice of America's servicemen and women.
For Jesus, there are no countries to be conquered, no ideologies to be imposed, no people to be dominated. There are only children, women and men to be loved.
Men are just as sensitive, and in some ways more sensitive, than women are.
Women are tenacious, and all of them should be tenacious of respect; without esteem they cannot exist; esteem is the first demand that they make of love.
Most women are one man away from welfare.
San Francisco is a mad city - inhabited for the most part by perfectly insane people whose women are of a remarkable beauty.
To be completely woman you need a master, and in him a compass for your life. You need a man you can look up to and respect. If you dethrone him it's no wonder that you are discontented, and discontented women are not loved for long.
Kindness in women, not their beauteous looks, shall win my love.
I fought all my life for women to make their own choices, in their personal and professional lives. I made mine.
I remember at the age of five travelling on a trolley car with my mother past a group of women on a picket line at a textile plant, seeing them being viciously beaten by security people. So that kind of thing stayed with me.
The simplest of women are wonderful liars who can extricate themselves from the most difficult dilemmas with a skill bordering on genius.
Women - always in trouble with them, but can't live without them.
The history of men's opposition to women's emancipation is more interesting perhaps than the story of that emancipation itself.
I have never met anyone who did not support our troops. Sometimes, however, we hear accusations that someone or some group does not support the men and women serving in our Armed Forces. But this is pure demagoguery, and it is intellectually dishonest.
Most women's magazines simply try to mold women into bigger and better consumers.
I've been trying to find women writers for my staff for a while now and I have three women on my staff and three guys so it's pretty equal. I don't know why that is. It's been the same thing for a while. It's hard for female comedians to stand out. That's weird. That's a shame.
Men at most differ as Heaven and Earth, but women, worst and best, as Heaven and Hell.
We must make it clear that a platform of 'I hate gay men and women' is not a way to become president of the United States.
The most mediocre of males feels himself a demigod as compared with women.
Clearly older women and especially older women who have led an active life or elder women who successfully maneuver through their own family life have so much to teach us about sharing, patience, and wisdom.
In Hollywood, the women are all peaches. It makes one long for an apple occasionally.
I've looked on many women with lust. I've committed adultery in my heart many times. God knows I will do this and forgives me.
Grace in women has more effect than beauty.
A revival does two things. First, it returns the Church from her backsliding and second, it causes the conversion of men and women; and it always includes the conviction of sin on the part of the Church. What a spell the devil seems to cast over the Church today!
While gossip among women is universally ridiculed as low and trivial, gossip among men, especially if it is about women, is called theory, or idea, or fact.
Men who consistently leave the toilet seat up secretly want women to get up to go the bathroom in the middle of the night and fall in.
When I get up and work out, I'm working out just as much for my girls as I am for me, because I want them to see a mother who loves them dearly, who invests in them, but who also invests in herself. It's just as much about letting them know as young women that it is okay to put yourself a little higher on your priority list.
I had used eclectic therapy and behavior therapy on myself at the age of 19 to get over my fear of public speaking and of approaching young women in public.
Women encourage men to be childish, then scold them.
Women who love women are Lesbians. Men, because they can only think of women in sexual terms, define Lesbian as sex between women.
I find very often that very ugly women have really handsome men and vice versa because they don't have any competition. Sometimes handsome men have avoided me.
Men and women have strengths that complement each other.
Women's fashion is a subtle form of bondage. It's men's way of binding them. We put them in these tight, high-heeled shoes, we make them wear these tight clothes and we say they look sexy. But they're actually tied up.
No woman has to be a victim of physical abuse. Women have to feel like they are not alone.
Obamacare is making people divorce so they can afford it. And divorce hurts women and the children, and that is Obamacare and their War on Women.
Men should only believe half of what women say. But which half?
I've never wanted to look like models on the cover of magazines. I represent the majority of women and I'm very proud of that.
Reading, solitude, idleness, a soft and sedentary life, intercourse with women and young people, these are perilous paths for a young man, and these lead him constantly into danger.
America is a friend to the people of Iraq. Our demands are directed only at the regime that enslaves them and threatens us. When these demands are met, the first and greatest benefit will come to Iraqi men, women and children.
Lesbian existence comprises both the breaking of a taboo and the rejection of a compulsory way of life. It is also a direct or indirect attack on the male right of access to women.
I hope that women everywhere will wear this jewelry and feel the passion and love that is, to me, the real spirit of True Harmony.
If we took away women's right to vote, we'd never have to worry about another Democrat president.
When women hold off from marrying men, we call it independence. When men hold off from marrying women, we call it fear of commitment.
Unless we include a job as part of every citizen's right to autonomy and personal fulfillment, women will continue to be vulnerable to someone else's idea of what need is.
Well I do think, when there are more women, that the tone of the conversation changes, and also the goals of the conversation change. But it doesn't mean that the whole world would be a lot better if it were totally run by women. If you think that, you've forgotten high school.
In mid-life the man wants to see how irresistible he still is to younger women. How they turn their hearts to stone and more or less commit a murder of their marriage I just don't know, but they do.
Men who want to support women in our struggle for freedom and justice should understand that it is not terrifically important to us that they learn to cry; it is important to us that they stop the crimes of violence against us.
People don't have fortunes left them in that style nowadays; men have to work and women to marry for money. It's a dreadfully unjust world.
I love surprises - champagne and strawberries, all that pampering, romantic stuff. Guys ought to know how to pamper their women properly.
I want to say a little something that's long overdue, the disrespect to women has got to be through. To all the mothers and the sisters and the wives and friends, I wanna offer my love and respect till the end.
Advertising is a business of words, but advertising agencies are infested with men and women who cannot write. They cannot write advertisements, and they cannot write plans. They are helpless as deaf mutes on the stage of the Metropolitan Opera.
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away.
There are some people who still feel threatened by strong women. That's their problem. It's not mine.
I like women. I don't understand them, but I like them.
Men's magazines often feature pictures of naked ladies. Women's magazines also often feature pictures of naked ladies. This is because the female body is a beautiful work of art, while the male body is hairy and lumpy and should not be seen by the light of day.
Women have always been courageous... They are always fearless when protecting their children and in the last century they have been fearless in the fight for their rights.
As they say around the Texas Legislature, if you can't drink their whiskey, screw their women, take their money, and vote against 'em anyway, you don't belong in office.
I wouldn't want my daughters to date a guy like me. I was dangerous around women in my twenties. I'm terrified that they might end up with someone like me.
I definitely think some of my older female peer group are deeply beautiful women. They have this thing that radiates from them.
Black women have always been these vixens, these animalistic erotic women. Why can't we just be the sexy American girl next door?
With women, I've got a long bamboo pole with a leather loop on the end. I slip the loop around their necks so they can't get away or come too close. Like catching snakes.
Giving women education, work, the ability to control their own income, inherit and own property, benefits the society. If a woman is empowered, her children and her family will be better off. If families prosper, the village prospers, and eventually so does the whole country.
I am a writer who happens to love women. I am not a lesbian who happens to write.
It is capitalist America that produced the modern independent woman. Never in history have women had more freedom of choice in regard to dress, behavior, career, and sexual orientation.
I wish I could just go tell all the young women I work with, all these fabulous women, 'Believe in yourself and negotiate for yourself. Own your own success.' I wish I could tell that to my daughter. But it's not that simple.
I like to help women help themselves, as that is, in my opinion, the best way to settle the woman question. Whatever we can do and do well we have a right to, and I don't think any one will deny us.
Feminism's agenda is basic: It asks that women not be forced to choose between public justice and private happiness.
Women of all classes are awakening to the necessity of self-support, but few are willing to do the ordinary useful work for which they are fitted.
There was a series called 'Game of Thrones' which was very popular here in the United States, a post-Tolkien kind of thing. It was garbage, yet very addictive garbage - because there's lots of violence, all the women take their clothes off all the time, and it's kind of fun.
I separated from the Southern Baptists when they adopted the discriminatory attitude towards women, because I believe what Paul taught in Galatians that there is no distinction in God's eyes between men and women, slaves and masters, Jews and non-Jews - everybody is created equally in the eyes of God.
Women love working together. That's my experience anyway.
Even back then, I exuded self-confidence, and that drives women crazy.
I didn't fight to get women out from behind vacuum cleaners to get them onto the board of Hoover.
I noticed in the past, a lot of guys who like strong women, they really freak out if you're not strong 24/7. Or they complain about you being strong, then the moment you're not strong, they're like, 'Oh, no, no, no.'
Many men and women in the world demonstrate great willpower and self-discipline in overcoming bad habits and the weaknesses of the flesh.
It's okay to be a fat man. It's prestige and power and all of that. But fat women are seen as just lazy and stupid and having no self-control.
Men are going to go out on the road and they're going to find other women. So if you really want to save yourself a whole lot of heartache, do not fall in love with somebody in a band. Just don't.
I'm going to guess Republicans and Democrats, liberals and conservatives, all want clean air to breathe and clean water to drink. I'm sure most people think women should be paid the same as men if they're doing the same job. I think we all want good schools for our kids. If we made that list, we actually are in agreement on more things.
The breakdown of the black community, in order to maintain slavery, began with the breakdown of the black family. Men and women were not legally allowed to get married because you couldn't have that kind of love. It might get in the way of the economics of slavery. Your children could be taken from you and literally sold down the river.
Confidence is at the root of so many attractive qualities, a sense of humor, a sense of style, a willingness to be who you are no matter what anyone else might think or say and it's true, I do have a certain fondness for women that have dark hair.
Growing up in politics I know that women decide all elections because we do all the work.
Why is computer science a good field for women? For one thing, that's where the jobs are, and for another, the pay is better than for many jobs, and finally, it's easier to combine career and family.
You've gotta do things that make you happy. As women, we tend to give away a lot. We take care of a lot of people, and we can't forget to take care of ourselves.
You can be with one of the most beautiful women in the world and still be unhappy.
Now that women are jockeys, baseball umpires, atomic scientists, and business executives, maybe someday they can master parallel parking.
Young men of this class never do anything for themselves that they can get other people to do for them, and it is the infatuation, the devotion, the superstition of others that keeps them going. These others in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred are women.
I've been out with some extremely beautiful women who have had no sex appeal whatsoever. It really is a lot more than skin deep.
Let's face it, I only practice yoga because the classes are always packed with beautiful women.
I always believed that women have rights and that there are some women that are intelligent enough to claim those rights. There are some others that are stupid enough not to.
Women are responsible for their children, they cannot sit back, waste time and see them starve.
Women will only have true equality when men share with them the responsibility of bringing up the next generation.
As women are empowered, violence can come down, for a number of reasons. By all measures, men are the more violent gender.
America's finest - our men and women in uniform, are a force for good throughout the world, and that is nothing to apologize for.
Women have been taught that, for us, the earth is flat, and that if we venture out, we will fall off the edge. Some of us have ventured out nevertheless, and so far we have not fallen off. It is my faith, my feminist faith, that we will not.
I like my whisky old and my women young.
I've always been attracted to women who are assertive and have confidence - qualities older women possess. They've been on the Earth a little longer. They're more seasoned. They don't play games. They know what they want, and they're not afraid to tell you.
Women now have choices. They can be married, not married, have a job, not have a job, be married with children, unmarried with children. Men have the same choice we've always had: work, or prison.
We women continue to swallow this line that it's unladylike or even proof of being a lesbian if you wear flat shoes like Doc Martens. I'm prepared to put up with that accusation, because at least my feet aren't killing me and I don't look like a bandy ostrich.
Too often, older women are seen as victims, but I know lots of formidable women who have marvellous jobs as well as a full erotic life, and children and friends and family.
Perhaps women have always been in closer contact with reality than men: it would seem to be the just recompense for being deprived of idealism.
I want people to be afraid of the women I dress.
Women don't take enough risks. Men are just 'foot on the gas pedal.' We're not going to close the achievement gap until we close the ambition gap.
I don't hate being compared with female musicians. I don't mind that at all. I have no problem with seeing connections between women's work.
Beguiling voices in the world cry out for 'alternative lifestyles' for women. They maintain that some women are better suited for careers than for marriage and motherhood.
Women are very attracted to a low voice because it's linked to testosterone, which for millions of years was a sign that men had very good spacial skills and would have been very good at hunting and finding their way back home.
I believe that women should live for love, for motherhood and for intellect, and I believe we shouldn't have to choose. And I believe that's always been difficult for women, to express themselves intellectually, maternally, and passionately.
I really think we need more women to lean into their careers and to be really dedicated to staying in the work force.
In my generation, except for a few people who'd gone into banking or nursing or something like that, middle-class women didn't have careers. You were to marry and have children and be a nice mother. You didn't go out and do anything. I found that I got restless.
Women say they have sexual thoughts too. They have no idea. It's the difference between shooting a bullet and throwing it. If they knew what we were really thinking, they'd never stop slapping us.
If I were a girl, I'd despair. The supply of good women far exceeds that of the men who deserve them.
I've gone from being quite wealthy, when I was defending women, to being quite poor defending men.
Women have to harness their power - its absolutely true. It's just learning not to take the first no. And if you can't go straight ahead, you go around the corner.
I grew up with all mothers, all women. I come from a long line of matriarchs, very strong women.
Women's issues have always been a part of my life. My goal is to bring the word 'feminism' back into the zeitgeist and reframe it.
What works for men does not always work for women, because success and likability are positively correlated for men and negatively correlated for women. That's what the research shows. As a man gets more successful, everyone is rooting for him. As a woman gets more successful, both men and women like her less.
As someone who's spent time with our troops in Iraq and Afghanistan on USO tours and met wounded warriors at Walter Reed and Bethesda, I feel a deep obligation to the men and women who have risked life and limb on our behalf.
Pregnancy was probably the best and the hardest thing I'll ever go through. I know for a lot of women, it can be wonderful and relatively easy.
No, men and women of the Irish race, we shall not fight for England. We shall fight for the destruction of the British Empire and the construction of an Irish republic.
Men think about women. Women think about what men think about them.
The common erotic project of destroying women makes it possible for men to unite into a brotherhood; this project is the only firm and trustworthy groundwork for cooperation among males and all male bonding is based on it.
Frankly, too many women treat their husbands as accessories instead of priorities.
Make no mistake: Bob Ritchie's up early in the morning taking pictures of his son on the first day of his senior year. Kid Rock is passed out in a hotel room somewhere with four scantily-clad women.
I think one of the biggest things that affects young women is when they hear their mothers using fat talk.
Something about glamour interested me. All my schoolbooks had drawings of women on terraces with a cocktail and a cigarette.
The repossession by women of our bodies will bring far more essential change to human society than the seizing of the means of production by workers.
I know so many women in their fifties, sixties and seventies who delight in being on their own. It's amazing. They don't see any stigma attached to it. We don't need a man to prove our identity anymore.
Aren't women prudes if they don't and prostitutes if they do?
Many women my age have known the experience of giving up crucial parts of themselves to please the man they love.
I think that women are more sensitive to emotional infidelity than men. I think men are more scared of physical infidelity.
The runway symbolizes something in society that's very intimidating to women.
If I have any particular appeal to women, maybe it's because I listen more than other guys do and appreciate how they think and feel about things.
Feminism is dead. The movement is absolutely dead. The women's movement tried to suppress dissident voices for way too long. There's no room for dissent.
Feminism is not only for women It's something everyone can participate in, and evolve together, as the first step in the right direction. I see feminism as a tool to achieve that balance and peace.
As women in industrial societies join the paid workforce, they gain the economic means to depart unhappy marriages more easily.
I never saw music in terms of men and women or black and white. There was just cool and uncool.
Women are strong now. Women are dominating the charts, and women are doing it for themselves. We're kicking butt and taking no prisoners.
Are some women and children going to die? Yeah. But it's doing the right thing. You got money, you sit around talking about peace. People who don't have money need some help.
I gravitate toward women.
Most urgently, women's identity must be premised upon our 'beauty' so that we will remain vulnerable to outside approval, carrying the vital sensitive organ of self-esteem exposed to the air.
I've always maintained that men were more romantic than women.
The problem with feminism in the second wave was that we fought so much among ourselves, and I think we did so much damage to the movement... and I think the next wave, the third wave, is women mentoring younger women and women helping younger women to enter the political process and the writing world.
In times of conflict, war, poverty or religious fundamentalism, women and children are the first and most numerous victims. Women need all their courage today.
For a man to strike any women is most brutal, and I, as well as everyone else, think this far worse than any attempt to shoot, which, wicked as it is, is at least more comprehensible and more courageous.
I want to encourage women to embrace their own uniqueness. Because just like a rose is beautiful, so is a sunflower, so is a peony. I mean, all flowers are beautiful in their own way, and that's like women too.
Women have the same privileges and opportunities as men, given the New Testament. Relegating women to second-class citizenship was abolished when Jesus died on the cross.
Until women themselves reject stigma and refuse to feel shame for the way others treat them, they have no hope of achieving full human stature.
In Europe, we admire grown-up women; I think men revere older women.
Men are strong, women are smart, but no matter how smart, their bellies are always there to betray women and that's their downfall.
For a long time, society put obstacles in the way of women who wanted to enter the sciences.
The Teen Challenge ministry was born out of those humble early days of ministry. It now includes over 500 drug and alcohol rehab centers around the world, even in Muslim countries. These include homes for girls and women addicts and alcoholics, all which are reaching many.
I'm the old-fashioned type who prefers to meet a woman in a more normal setting. I don't like to feel that I'm being hunted down. I've always liked to do my own hunting when it comes to meeting women.
Women have said the most malicious, disgusting things about me. But I know that when somebody comments about you, good or bad, it is 99 percent of the time their projection of how they feel about themselves.
Men are distinguished from women by their commitment to do violence rather than to be victimized by it.
Fasting is, first and foremost, an exercise for identifying and managing adversity in all its forms. With faith, in full conscience, fasting calls women and men to an extra degree of self-awareness.
The big mistake that men make is that when they turn thirteen or fourteen and all of a sudden they've reached puberty, they believe that they like women. Actually, you're just horny. It doesn't mean you like women any more at twenty-one than you did at ten.
There's three things men always talk about - women, sports, and cars.
I think scent is sensual. I guess evoking a mood or a spirit is key, and I think with the women's fragrances we have evoked different types, moods or sensibilities of a woman - whether it's Daisy with the sweetness and the innocence or Lola which is more provocative, sexy and sultry.
You have to be desirable. And that's why so many woman of my age or even younger are pushed to Botox and plastic surgery, all the things that people say, 'Why do women do this?' Where do you go in your 50s in your career?
I love Sweden. The entire world should be like Sweden. They all like to drink and get naked, and the women are hot. I can't think of a better nation on the planet.
Women don't go to war to kill other women. Wars and armies and nuclear weapons are essentially heterosexual hobbies.
Women still remember the first kiss after men have forgotten the last.
My customer has her own sense of style and knows herself well. My goal is to help women become the best version of themselves.
Is there discrimination against women? Yes. There's no denying that the old boys' network is alive and well. But there's also discrimination against men.
In the X-Men the women are so strong and sexy! We really kick some male butt!
I'm not going to dinner with somebody who eats like a bird, nor do I want to eat like a bird. But its weird: In our business, I'm a size 2 and considered curvy. Its important to remind young women, 'Listen, even skinny girls have cellulite, even Halle Berry has cellulite, and what you see in photos isn't totally real.'
Many women have asked me if it is possible to have a well-built wardrobe on a limited budget. 'Money,' I tell them, 'is no guarantee of taste, and an overstuffed wardrobe is often as bare as a skeleton when it comes to wearable apparel.'
If you don't want women to do whatever they need to do then you must provide them with food, you must provide them with shelter and their basic human rights.
Saudi Arabia operates according to the belief that God made young men and women so utterly and completely without self-control that they must be physically segregated every moment of the day and night.
Women are not in love with me but with the picture of me on the screen. I am merely the canvas on which women paint their dreams.
Two phrases I hate in reference to female characters are 'strong' and 'feisty.' They really annoy me. It's the most condescending thing. You say that about a three-year-old. It infantilises women.
Rescuing women from their burden of unwarranted guilt is going to require 'educational practices and socializing agents' even more effective than the ones that have been relentlessly loading female humans with responsibility for other people's behavior from their earliest childhood.
The computer industry is the only industry that is more fashion-driven than women's fashion.
I have often thought of it as one of the most barbarous customs in the world, considering us as a civilized and a Christian country, that we deny the advantages of learning to women.
I live in a house with four women. Just shut up and say, Yes, ma'am.
I consider abortion to be a deeply personal and intimate issue for women and I don't believe male legislators should even vote on the issue.
In the last three years of racing I've met as many women fans as men fans, and in NASCAR it's the same thing. My wife loves cars, but the difference is she doesn't have 20 years of understanding the background of them. She basically drives them and uses her gut feelings as to which is best.
The search for human freedom can never be complete without freedom for women.
I was born in Israel, to Canadian parents. My father immigrated in 1948, part of a wave of young men and women who came as pioneers, to fight for a Jewish homeland. Their motive was in large part a reaction to the Holocaust, and their slogan was 'Never Again.'
In New York, if you weigh under 200 pounds and decline so much as a cookie at a co-worker's party, women will flock to your side, assuring you of your appealing physique. This is how skittish we are about the dangers of anorexia and the pressures of body image.
I was trying to uphold what I thought feminism was as best I could by supporting women, by trying to create an opportunity to get women to get together, play music together and celebrate the fact that we are having great success making music on our own and together.
As women, we all have certain weaknesses. I know one who can't resist pretty shoes but has nothing suitable to wear with them. Others adore frilly lingerie but never have any money to buy outer clothing.
My go-to gifts are scarves from my friend Matin Maulawizada's nonprofit organization, Afghan Hands, which supports disenfranchised women in Afghanistan. In exchange for their beautiful embroidery, the women are given financial aid and classes in math and literacy. The scarves are all stunning and one of a kind.
Population growth is straining the Earth's resources to the breaking point, and educating girls is the single most important factor in stabilizing that. That, plus helping women gain political and economic power and safeguarding their reproductive rights.
The valor and courage of our young women and men in the armed services are a shining example to all of the world, and we owe them and their families our deepest respect.
I think Hispanic women are beautiful with their curves. I'm not sure who feels that way in Hollywood. I was never told to lose 50 pounds. If they think that they just don't bother with you. You just don't get the role and you never know why. That's still better than physically harming yourself and becoming unhealthy just to star in a movie.
It is incredible how far women have come and women in sports have come.
I told myself that I would not come back to women's fashion until I felt I had something new to say. I feel that fashion has become too serious and that the actual customer's needs have not really been addressed. Fashion needs to make one happy. It is a luxury and should enhance one's quality of life.
My advice to women in general: Even if you're doing a nine-to-five job, treat yourself like a boss. Not arrogant, but be sure of what you want - and don't allow people to run anything for you without your knowledge.
Half of architecture students are women, and you see respected, established female architects all the time.
Why don't women have respect for themselves nowadays? What happen to the woman who learned her grandmama's recipes and made her man sweet potato pie? I tell you, they don't make 'em like they used to. Will my real women stand up, please?
I love to wear lingerie. The problem is that men always rip it off too quickly. When women are dolled up in lingerie they feel sexy. So let us wear it for five minutes.
No one doubts that innocent men, women and children have been the victims of chemical weapons attacks in Syria. And there's no doubt who is responsible for this heinous use of chemical weapons in Syria: the Syrian regime.
When I first started, it was really an innocent response to the needs of women in rural areas. When we started planting trees to meet their needs, there was nothing beyond that. I did not see all the issues that I have to come to deal with.
I'll immediately gain, like, 5 pounds even just by thinking about cutting out dessert. It's a nightmare. I decided, for me, the healthiest thing was to eat what I want and just exercise. Some women can watch what they eat, but I just can't do that.
One of the things I've realised is that I am very simple. My wife asked me once if I loved her. I said: 'Look love, I'm a simple man. I love you. End of story.' But I guess you gotta keep saying it with women. I guess she needed reassurance.
No nation, savage or civilized, save only the United States of America, has confessed its inability to protect its women save by hanging, shooting, and burning alleged offenders.
The dual scourge of hunger and malnutrition will be truly vanquished not only when granaries are full, but also when people's basic health needs are met and women are given their rightful role in societies.
You know, it shouldn't just be about women as heroic figures overcoming things, it just needs to be about women in general getting the opportunity to play a multitude of roles, telling a multitude of stories - just to express human experience from a woman's perspective. I hope, someday, we can get to that point. I'm all about representation.
The nation's government has just handed me the bill that grants us our civil rights. I am receiving it before you, certain that I am accepting this on behalf of all Argentinean women, and I can feel my hands tremble with joy as they grasp the laurel proclaiming victory.
As a child I experienced firsthand the severe effects of poverty and illiteracy, especially upon women and children. My parents taught me the importance of education and that it was a key to improving an individual's life.
A lot of men do have a fear of my ultra-femininity. Sometimes people say I look like a drag queen, that I look scary, but I think that's a fear of my confidence. Most women in contemporary culture pare down their femininity, so there's a slight androgyny about them, and I think men have got used to seeing that.
'Power' is an explosive word, particularly when applied to women.
When I was a young boy, growing up in Durham, North Carolina, the women in my family were truly passionate about their clothes; nothing was more beautiful to me than women dressing with the utmost, meticulous attention to accessories, shoes, handbags, hats, coats, dresses and gloves to attend Sunday church services.
I confess I sometimes sneak a peek at 'The Big Bang Theory.' I chuckle at their antics. But I cringe when they portray physicists as clueless nerds who are doormats when it comes to picking up women.
The middle of 'America's Women' is about the Civil War, and how women, black and white, confronted slavery and abolition. As in every other period of crisis, the rules of sexual decorum were suspended due to emergency.
I am not handsome, but when women hear me play, they come crawling to my feet.
Flexible working is not just for women with children. It is necessary at the other end of the scale. If people can move into part-time work, instead of retirement, then that will be a huge help. If people can fit their work around caring responsibilities for the elderly, the disabled, then again that's very positive.
We have to nurture our young women and understand the beauty and the strength of being a woman. It's kind of a catch-22: Strength in women isn't appreciated, and vulnerability in women isn't appreciated. It's like, 'What the hell do you do?' What you do is you don't allow anyone to dictate who you are.
We live in a world where sports have the potential to bridge the gap between racism, sexism and discrimination. The 2012 Olympic Games was a great start but hopefully what these games taught us is that if women are given an opportunity on an equal playing field the possibilities for women are endless.
People on death row, the treatment of animals, women's right to choose. So much in America is based on religious fundamentalist Christianity. Grow up! This is the modern world!
In the seventies we had to make it acceptable for people to accept girls and women as athletes. We had to make it okay for them to be active. Those were much scarier times for females in sports.
In terms of having the American people look at the court and think of it as being fair and appropriate for our nation, it helps to have women, plural, on the court.
I am always someone who follows the research more than my self-interest. It certainly has not been in my self-interest to defend men. I've gone from being quite wealthy, when I was defending women, to being quite poor defending men.
Like men, women have to be diligent and work hard.
A beautiful bouquet or a long-lasting flowering plant is a traditional gift for women, but I have recommended that both men and women keep fresh flowers in the home for their beauty, fragrance, and the lift they give our spirits.
The best way to protect young black, brown, men of color, women of color, is to actually stop profiling, stop the prejudice, and stop the judgment first.
I conceive there lies a clear rule in Titus that the elder women should instruct the younger and then I must have a time wherein I must do it.
Why are video games so violent? The ones I've seen remind me of the 4th of July, with everything exploding, buildings, cars, airplanes, men and women. Kill, kill, and kill for sport and entertainment.
Gender equality will only be reached if we are able to empower women.
Until we command the exact same salary as every male counterpart, I feel a political desire to stand by other women. If we don't stand together, that equality will never be fully realized, and that bothers me.
Grameen Bank was formed as an institution owned by its borrower members, who are poor women. Through its unique decision-making process, Grameen Bank has given millions of women the means to emerge from the shadows in a male-dominated society and to make something of themselves.
The Saudi government's denial of basic rights to women is not only wrong, it hurts Saudi Arabia's economic development, modernization and prosperity.
Growing up, I looked up to major league baseball players, and now these young women have amazing, incredible women all across the board, from swimming to gymnastics to softball to basketball.
I don't think I really have any wisdom. Stay out of trouble. Good luck. Stay away from women because they will burn you, haha.
Men and women are like right and left hands; it doesn't make sense not to use both.
We ought to have more women in various management positions, because women are the ones who decide almost everything in the home.
I have not personally suffered from the deprivations, the bitterness and sorrow which bring so many men and women to a realisation of social injustice.
What I am defending is the real rights of women. A woman should have the right to be in the home as a wife and mother.
Most female CEOs have been more understanding than their male counterparts, of the stress that new mothers experience to 'do it all,' which often means, 'all by themselves.' Why? They've been there. They understand the policies needed to keep women in the workforce.
As women professional athletes, you have to have respect for every player and individual. Beyond that, it doesn't matter what your interests are. People can have their own lives.
Men can absent themselves from real life for their art more easily. Women are anchored into the quotidian business of getting food on the table, making sure everybody's socks match, the soccer gear is ready. I admire idealists, but they're usually enabled by someone who holds the tether on their balloon, who pays the bills and sweeps up after them.
I like women's basketball.
I think there have always been funny women, from Carol Burnett to Joan Rivers. When the audience sees a woman, they innately know she's worked twice as hard to get there, she's had to prove that she can be the leader, first, and then be funny on top of it. She has to emit a confidence that she's in control.
I really want to make clothes that are feminine and help women look beautiful.
Modern women - we're very good at keeping ourselves busy. There are PTA meetings, exercising, bake sales at school. I like that my life is not the same every day.
I enjoy how women dressed in the 1920s with the shimmering jewels and rich feathers.
I grew up surrounded by these tough, ballsy, strong women. They were also adoring women, but they were the kind of women who would argue over what kind of pants you were wearing or the color of your nail polish.
Imagine a country that flies into space, launches Sputniks, creates such a defense system, and it can't resolve the problem of women's pantyhose. There's no toothpaste, no soap powder, not the basic necessities of life. It was incredible and humiliating to work in such a government.
Women are not so well united as to form an Insurrection. They are for the most part wise enough to love their Chains, and to discern how becomingly they fit.
I am in awe of women who have full family lives and seem to work round the clock in the 24/7 news cycle.
There is definitely a way in which women are raised to be less proactive, less business-oriented, and less willing to jump into creative no man's land. I think media has more of an influence on how we perceive gender identity than anything else.
Why should I limit myself to only one woman when I can have as many women as I want?
I haven't experienced love at first sight yet. I've seen very, very beautiful girls and been awestruck but never love at first sight. I think confidence goes such a long way with women. A girl who is confident with who she is and she can really flaunt that is really sexy.
I believe in the critical importance of participating in the political system - from voting to standing for election. It's both rewarding and necessary that men and women of good will and clear thinking engage in honest, open debate.
I'm actually just playing honest, whole young women.
I believe it's time that women truly owned their superpowers and used their beauty and strength to change the world around them.
The more we refuse to buy into our inner critics - and our external ones too - the easier it will get to have confidence in our choices, and to feel comfortable with who we are - as women and as mothers.
I had very supportive parents that made the way for me, even at a time when there were very few women - no women, really; maybe two or three women - and very few, fewer than that, African-American women heading in this direction, so there were very few people to look up to. You just had to have faith.
Other women looked on me as a rival. And it pained me a great deal.
Unless men are active allies, we'll never end violence against women and girls.
Women often don't want to admit that they like fashion. And yet fashion enthralls everyone, from the taxi driver to the mega-intellectual. I have often asked myself why this is. I don't know the answer.
I'm a woman, of course I still have curves on me, and that's ok. I had a baby and I've worked hard. And I don't think women should have to feel that kind of pressure. I've done it really healthfully, and I took my time.
I think women have to change their hairstyle from time to time.
My mother never made me do anything for my brothers, like serve them. I think that's an important lesson, especially for the Latino culture, because the women are expected to be the ones that serve and cook and whatever. Not in our family. Everybody was equal.
Women's art, political art - those categorisations perpetuate a certain kind of marginality which I'm resistant to. But I absolutely define myself as a feminist.
Investing in women's lives is an investment in sustainable development, in human rights, in future generations - and consequently in our own long-term national interests.
President Obama is also standing up for women in North Carolina and across our country. He has helped women fight for equal pay for equal work; he has fought to guarantee that women have access to quality, affordable health care, including making sure that insurance plans cover birth control with no out-of-pocket cost.
The psychology of women hitherto actually represents a deposit of the desires and disappointments of men.
I think credibility is one of those things that, if you work hard and you get it by standing in the trenches and traveling the world, people realize you're multi-faceted. Part of me is a serious journalist and I loved all of the stuff I did. And then there's another part of me that likes to let go and I think a lot of women can relate to that.
Seeing their children touched and seared and wounded by race prejudice is one of the heaviest crosses which colored women have to bear.
Half of all women who are sexually active, but do not want to get pregnant, need publicly funded services to help them access public health programs like Medicaid and Title X, the national family planning program.
Let's make sure that we don't close down 37 of the 42 clinics in Texas and leave women with nowhere to go and put them in a situation where their health will be at risk, because what we do know is that closing down the ability to access that service unfortunately does not take the need away or women's confronting that issue away.
I play- it's kind of like a slice-of-life, LA women in their forties, playing forty kind of what's their friendship like, and what's their life like and so I just play one of the four friends.
I hope the fathers and mothers of little girls will look at them and say 'yes, women can.'
The important thing to note is that it is not important whether Malala was shot or not - Malala is not asking for personal favors or support. She is asking for support with girls' education and women's rights. So don't support Malala, support her campaign for girls' education and women's rights.
The workingmen have perceived that women are in the field of industry to stay; and they see, too, that there can not be two standards of work and wages for any trade without constant menace to the higher standard.
You think aerobics is not a cool sport? I think you are wrong. It requires amazing discipline - flexibility, fitness, knowledge. And you have to do it with a big smile on your face. Also, I once performed in front of 10,000 screaming women. I tell you something, I'd rather do that than kick a ball around in front of a few men.
New Zealand, by the way, where I was ambassador, has had two women prime ministers - one from either party.
In the different voice of women lies the truth of an ethic of care, the tie between relationship and responsibility, and the origins of aggression in the failure of connection.
When a battle for suffrage is conducted, it should only be conducted according to socialist principles, and therefore with the demand of universal suffrage for women and men.
Like their personal lives, women's history is fragmented, interrupted; a shadow history of human beings whose existence has been shaped by the efforts and the demands of others.
A large part of the present anxiety to improve the education of girls and women is also due to the conviction that the political disabilities of women will not be maintained.
What he has done for women is final: he gave to their service the best powers of his mind and the best years of his life. His death consecrates the gift: it can never lessen its value.
There are those who maintain that in this world women have no right to interfere in the affairs of state, in politics, in plots and counter-plots. Others that are who, more chivalrous, are willing to admit that women have as much right to act, think, and speak as men.
I know you are going to be embarrassed. We're all embarrassed by it, but to hide the embarrassment... silence has never protected women or helped them. We need to talk about it more with our, you know - whoever - our friends, our family.
In two-parent households, women have increasingly entered the workplace, and in single-parent households, there is even more of a need for the adults to work. That means parents do not fully control their own schedule and have to scramble to find high-quality after-school options.
We need to empower women. Give women a voice in the decision-making process. Give women a political voice where they can champion, for their own welfare. And, of course, for us. United Nations - organizations, agencies - we need to do our part.
I owe a debt of gratitude to two other living Justices. Sandra Day O'Connor and Ruth Bader Ginsburg paved the way for me and so many other women in my generation. Their pioneering lives have created boundless possibilities for women in the law. I thank them for their inspiration and also for the personal kindnesses they have shown me.
The men and women of today's VA are dedicated to caring for today's veterans and stand ready to provide for our servicemembers who now defend our freedoms and our way of life.
Temperance is essential, if the services of men and women are to be employed to the best and most useful effect according, to the physical capacity and ability of each. Nothing less will assure a total effort.
Men are not supposed to be mysterious. That's what you say about women. But I think men can have a little of it, too.
I think men are allowed to be fat and bald and ugly and women aren't. And it's just not - there is no equality there.
A lot of people would say 'sexy' is about the body. But to me, 'sexy' is a woman with confidence. I admire women who have very little fear.
Throughout the years, many Christian women have told me of their great respect for the bravery and courage evident in my work, perhaps even gesturing to their own Isis earrings or a Nile River Goddess pendants.
If we are to perpetuate the state, we must not only produce citizens, but good citizens - men and women of sound bodies, clear minds and clean souls.
Women in most countries have not achieved much, because they can't be liberated under the patriarchal, capitalist, imperialist and military system that determines the way we live now, and which is governed by power, not justice, by false democracy, not real freedom.
Women are like dogs really. They love like dogs, a little insistently. And they like to fetch and carry and come back wistfully after hard words, and learn rather easily to carry a basket.
One is that if women's sexuality in Africa wasn't under assault, if women were able to say no, if women weren't subject to predatory attacks by men, or predatory behaviour generally, then you would have a disease in Africa called AIDS. But you wouldn't have a pandemic.
All women should understand that a mammogram is nothing to be afraid of. It's not an enemy but a friend. Early detection is the key to the cure.
The truth is women use contraception not only as a way to prevent unintended pregnancies, but also to improve their health and the health of their families. Increased access to contraception is directly linked to declines in maternal and infant mortality.
President Kennedy understood the importance of equal pay for equal work and signed historic legislation that gave women around the country hope that one day their wages would be on par with that of their male counterparts.
As more men become more educated and women get educated, the value system has to be more enhanced and the respect for human dignity and human life is made better.
Genteel women suppose that those things do not really exist about which it is impossible to talk in polite company.
I hope that no more groans of wounded men and women will ever go to the ear of the Great Spirit Chief above, and that all people may be one people.
When women kiss it always reminds one of prize fighters shaking hands.
If women believed in their husbands they would be a good deal happier and also a good deal more foolish.
All the men in my family were bearded, and most of the women.
Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men; although he was twice married, it never occurred to him to verify this statement by examining his wives' mouths.
I've only slept with men I've been married to. How many women can make that claim?
A great city is that which has the greatest men and women.
To be born woman is to know - although they do not speak of it at school - women must labor to be beautiful.
After all, what is your host's purpose in having a party? Surely not for you to enjoy yourself; if that were their sole purpose, they'd have simply sent champagne and women over to your place by taxi.
The strength and power of a country depends absolutely on the quantity of good men and women in it.
You can find women who have never had an affair, but it is hard to find a woman who has had just one.
There's a certain kind of behavior in the Arab world that, to me, resembles the way young men behave when there is no significant influence from women in their lives.
Good women always think it is their fault when someone else is being offensive. Bad women never take the blame for anything.
Women rule the world. It's not really worth fighting because they know what they're doing. Ask Napoleon. Ask Adam. Ask Richard Burton or Richie Sambora. Many a man has crumbled.
The generality of virtuous women are like hidden treasures, they are safe only because nobody has sought after them.
When men and women agree, it is only in their conclusions; their reasons are always different.
If everybody in this town connected with politics had to leave town because of chasing women and drinking, you would have no government.
On one issue at least, men and women agree; they both distrust women.
What Democratic congressmen do to their women staffers, Republican congressmen do to the country.
Run for office? No. I've slept with too many women, I've done too many drugs, and I've been to too many parties.
Strong women only marry weak men.
Whether you're throwing up or breaking up, you want your girlfriend right there! I don't trust women who don't go to their girlfriends.
Women can stand a beating except when it is with their own weapons.
Feminism encourages women to leave their husbands, kill their children, practice witchcraft, destroy capitalism and become lesbians.
They're right to think that about me, because I'm the person most likely to sleep with my female fans, I genuinely love other women. And I think they know that.
There are two kinds of women, those who want power in the world and those who want power in bed.
There are certainly not so many men of large fortune in the world, as there are pretty women to deserve them.
As the mother of two daughters, I have great respect for women. And I don't ever want to lose that.
The most efficient water power in the world - women's tears.
Silence is an ornament for women.
Men reach their sexual peak at eighteen. Women reach theirs at thirty-five. Do you get the feeling that God is playing a practical joke?
A woman asking 'Am I good? Am I satisfied?' is extremely selfish. The less women fuss about themselves, the less they talk to other women, the more they try to please their husbands, the happier the marriage is going to be.
I would go out with women my age, but there are no women my age.
But the true feminist deals out of a lesbian consciousness whether or not she ever sleeps with women.
I'm for women choosing whatever they want to do but they have to really know what they are doing.
Some women can't say the word lesbian... even when their mouth is full of one.
The thing women have yet to learn is nobody gives you power. You just take it.
Sheer flattery got me into the theater. Flattery always works with me, particularly the flattery of women.
Black women are programmed to define ourselves within this male attention and to compete with each other for it rather than to recognize and move upon our common interests.
Every man needs two women: a quiet home-maker, and a thrilling nymph.
When my mom ran for the Senate, my dad was there for her every step of the way. I can still hear her saying in her beautiful voice, 'Why should women have any less say than men, about the great decisions facing our nation?'
Men who love their mothers treat women wonderfully. And they have enormous respect for women.
I'm not convinced that women have the education or the sense of their own history enough or that they understand the cruelty of which men are capable and the delight that many men will take in seeing you choose to chain yourself - then they get to say 'See, you did it yourself.'
The problem is, women have stopped setting the bar high.
I think all women have a friend who at some point dumped them or betrayed them or deeply disappointed them. And at the same time all women have a friend who they dumped or betrayed or hurt in some way. That's universal in women's friendships.
I've never thought about any kind of prejudice about women in country music because I never felt like it affected me. I was fortunate enough to come about in a time when I didn't feel that kind of energy at all, and it was always my theory that if you want to play in the same ballgame as the boys, you've got to work as hard as them.
Never was it given to mortal man - To lie so boldly as we women can.
Some women hold up dresses that are so ugly and they always say the same thing: 'This looks much better on.' On what? On fire?
It's so clear that you have to cherish everyone. I think that's what I get from these older black women, that every soul is to be cherished, that every flower Is to bloom.
I just like to have words that describe things correctly. Now to me, 'black feminist' does not do that. I need a word that is organic, that really comes out of the culture, that really expresses the spirit that we see in black women. And it's just... womanish.
It's funny about men and women. Men pay in cash to get them and pay in cash to get rid of them. Women pay emotionally coming and going. Neither has it easy.
I think it's time that we have a women's show about the West. The concentration has been on the men and the Indians.
The latest research has revealed that women have a higher IQ than men.
CNN found that Hillary Clinton is the most admired woman in America. Women admire her because she's strong and successful. Men admire her because she allows her husband to cheat and get away with it.
A psychologist once told me that for a boy being in the middle of a conflict between two women is the worst possible situation. There's always a desire to please each one.
I am so used to seeing the sort of play which deals with one man and two women. They do not leave me with the feeling I have made a full theatrical meal they do not give me the experience of the multiplicity of life.
In my work and in myself I reflect black people, women and men, as I reflect others. One day even the most self-protective ones will look into the mirror I provide and not be afraid.
This is an important book, the critic assumes, because it deals with war. This is an insignificant book because it deals with the feelings of women in a drawing-room.
To conclude that women are unfitted to the task of our historic society seems to me the equivalent of closing male eyes to female facts.
I want to make a policy statement. I am unabashedly in favor of women.
Women are wiser than men because they know less and understand more.
Women lie about their age; men lie about their income.
Women should stop going for the bad guys, stop looking so far when the good ones are right there.
There's very little advice in men's magazines, because men don't think there's a lot they don't know. Women do. Women want to learn. Men think, 'I know what I'm doing, just show me somebody naked.'
I don't get this whole super-skinny obsession. I really think women look more beautiful when they let their curves show.
﻿Project Gutenberg's The White Rose of Memphis, by William C
 Falkner

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever
  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www
gutenberg
org/license


Title: The White Rose of Memphis

Author: William C
 Falkner

Release Date: October 21, 2012 [EBook #41134]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE WHITE ROSE OF MEMPHIS ***




Produced by Chuck Greif and the Online Distributed
Proofreading Team at http://www
pgdp
net (This file was
produced from images available at The Internet Archive)




THE

WHITE ROSE

OF

MEMPHIS:

A Novel


BY

W
 C
 FALKNER


    “Stone walls do not a prison make,
     Nor iron bars a cage;
     Minds innocent and quiet take
     That for an hermitage;
     If I have freedom in my love,
     And in my soul am free,
     Angels alone that soar above,
     Enjoy such liberty
”

_Richard Lovelace
_

M
 A
 DONOHUE & COMPANY

CHICAGO NEW YORK

COPYRIGHT, 1881, BY

G
 W
 CARLETON & CO


COPYRIGHT, 1909, BY

J
 W
 T
 FALKNER





_White Rose of Memphis
_




PUBLISHERS’ PREFACE



For thirty-one years, this book has met popular favor, and a sale of
_one hundred and sixty thousand copies_
 Its sale now is steadily
increasing, notwithstanding the worn condition of the plates


_This 35th edition_, now printed from new plates, is offered, believing
it will outlive its fifty-six years of copyright


But few works of fiction are accredited with such favor, or with such
extensive circulation





THE WHITE ROSE

OF

MEMPHIS





CHAPTER I



“Speak it out, captain; I know by your looks you have something to say,
and I am full of curiosity to hear it
”

“Very true, my dear fellow; I have at last hit on a scheme which I think
will prove very profitable, and will be glad to take you in as an equal
partner
”

“Glad to hear it; I am ready for anything to make an honest living
”

“I have chartered the best boat on the river, and mean to put her to
work on the line between here and New Orleans, and shall of course be
her commander, and would be glad to have you take charge of the office,
and we will divide profits
”

“I am truly grateful, captain, for the manifestation of confidence
contained in your offer, and will gladly undertake the business
”

“Very good; then we may consider it settled so far
 The next thing to be
done is to get up a handsome advertisement, and meantime the boat must
be re-painted, re-furnished and overhauled generally
”

“Give the necessary instructions as to these things, captain, and draw
on me for my share of the expenses
 By the by, what boat have you
chartered?”

“The ‘Star of the West;’ but I will have her name changed, as I do not
like that one
 What shall her new name be?”

“I leave that to you, and trust you will select a pretty name; there is
nothing like having a pretty name for a pretty boat
 Shakespeare was
decidedly mistaken when he thought that there was nothing in a name
”

“I agree with you there, Sam, and insist that you shall select the
name
”

“No, no; but I’ll tell you what we will do: you write down three names,
and I’ll write three; we’ll put them in a hat, and the first one drawn
shall be her name
”

“All right
”

The names were written, placed in the captain’s hat, and Sam was
requested to draw out one


“What have you got, Sam?” said the captain


“The prettiest name that ever was seen on a wheel-house
 You might have
given me a month to think about it, and I never should have thought of
such a sweet-sounding name
”

“Well, what is it?”

“THE WHITE ROSE OF MEMPHIS
”

“I am truly glad to know that you think it a pretty name, and we will
have the letters made in gold
”

“When can we be ready to start, captain?”

“It will take six weeks to get everything ready
 We must manage to make
a grand display when we start on our first trip
”

“You had better prepare the advertisement, then, and let it appear at
once
 Suppose we give a grand masquerade ball on board just before we
start
”

“Capital idea, Sam; we’ll make the first trip one of pleasure, so as to
attract the attention of the public
 I’ll prepare the advertisement at
once
”

The foregoing conversation was carried on between Captain Oliver Quitman
and Samuel Brazzleman, two well-known and very popular steam-boat men of
Memphis, whose experience in that business had won for them an
established reputation for reliability and integrity


The following advertisement appeared in one of the morning papers a few
days after the conversation above related:

     The new and splendid passenger boat, “White Rose of Memphis,” has
     been purchased by Captain Oliver Quitman, and will be put on the
     line between Memphis and New Orleans
 She will start on her first
     trip at 9 A
 M
, on May 1st, for the Crescent City, under the
     immediate command of her owner
 Samuel Brazzleman will officiate at
     the clerk’s desk, and Dave Halliman, at the wheel
 The old reliable
     river man, Thomas Henderson, has agreed to take charge of the
     engine
 Professor Frazzlebrains’s splendid string band has been
     employed to make music for the amusement of the passengers
 A grand
     masquerade ball will be given on board the “White Rose” on the
     evening of the 30th inst
, and arrangements will be made to
     continue the amusement every night during the round trip
 The grand
     saloon is eminently suited for dancing parties, and has been
     gorgeously furnished with everything necessary to make the
     passengers comfortable
 It is the intention of the captain to make
     the first trip one of pleasure and amusement
 Reduced rates will be
     given to excursion parties who may apply for them for the round
     trip


This advertisement (as might be expected) created quite a sensation
among the fair sex of Memphis, and added very greatly to the cash
receipts of silk merchants and milliner shops; while it caused a
corresponding shrinkage in the money bags of doting parents of
marriageable daughters
 Memphis was then, and is now, famous for the
beauty of her women, and the muddiness of her streets
 Cotton bales and
pretty women seem to be a spontaneous production in and about Memphis,
and, in spite of bad government and yellow fever epidemics, she is
handsome and lively still


“Well, Sam, old fellow, what do you think of the prospect?”

“Splendid
 we have made a ten strike this time--every room has been
engaged, and still they come
”

“Is she not a beauty, Sam?”

“Never saw her match in my life
 What’s the time, captain?”

“Eight thirty, and time for the maskers to begin to arrive; by the by,
here they come now
 Has the music arrived?”

“Long, long ago, captain; everything is ready
”

“Good, Sam; we must put our best foot foremost to-night; much depends on
first impressions
 Have you got plenty of wines and ice?”

“Oceans, oceans of all kinds
”

This conversation occurred on board of the “White Rose,” between Captain
Quitman and Samuel Brazzleman, who were both rejoicing at the prospect
of a remunerative trip, which was to begin on the next morning
 Before
nine o’clock the dazzling lights in the long saloon were streaming down
on the vast crowd of maskers as they glided along through the mazes of
the dance; while soft, sweet sounds floated out on the night air

Fantastic costumes, sparkling jewels, white, blue and red plumes,
rustling silk, shining satin, soft velvet, sparkling diamonds,
high-heeled boots, splendid music, the popping of champagne bottles, the
hum of many voices, the merry laughter, the brisk and graceful movement
of charming women, were all contributing to the dazzling show
 All kinds
of costumes were to be seen, old-fashioned and new, gaudy and plain

Mary, Queen of Scots, with her rich, royal costume of Scotland, all
bedecked with sparkling diamonds, was dancing with Ingomar, the
Barbarian Chief, with his savage beard reaching to his waist, and his
top-boots all shaded with gold
 The knight of Ivanhoe, with his
glittering armor on, was dancing with the first maid of honor, who wore
blue silk, and yellow mask
 Don Quixote, the Knight of Salamanca,
dressed in shabby but quaint armor, was jumping high and awkwardly, as
he danced with the second maid of honor, who was a graceful dancer,
dressed in orange-colored silk with pink mask
 Henry of Navarre, with
his black plume waving high above the throng, was marching up and down
the saloon with the queen of Sheba leaning on his arm
 Sancho Panza,
with his clownish costume, was playing the clown to perfection, to the
great amusement of the children
 The Duke of Wellington and Napoleon
were taking a mint julep at the bar, while George III
 was quarreling
with Sam Brazzleman because he wouldn’t tell him the name of the lady
who represented the Queen of Scots


“Positively against our rules to divulge the names of parties in mask,
without their consent,” says Sam


“Well, does she reside in Memphis?”

“Can’t answer; I tell you it is contrary to orders
”

“Is she going to New Orleans on this boat?”

“Yes
”

“Good
 I’ll find out who she is, if I follow her to the other side of
the world
” and the imitator of the defunct tyrant made his way to where
the mysterious queen stood conversing with her Barbarian Chief


“Who is that lady dancing with Ingomar?” inquired George III
 of
Ivanhoe


“Do not know; wish I did
”

“I’ll give a hundred dollars to know who she is
”

“I’ll go you halves,” says Ivanhoe


George III
 and Ivanhoe were not the only ones who wanted to know who
was personating the Scottish queen
 It seemed to be a general desire
among the male maskers to know who she was
 It is hard to say what
caused this general wish to know who she was
 It might have been caused
by a combination of circumstances
 There appeared to be a desire on the
part of the gentlemen to get near her
 Was it the soft, sweet melody of
her voice, or was it the queen-like grace of her movements? Perhaps it
was the profusion of golden hair that fell, unconfined, beneath the
quaint crown of sparkling jewels that graced her brow; or it may have
been the little provoking, pretty foot that now and then made its
appearance as she floated like a fairy over the floor
 When she took her
seat at the piano, and began to sing, while the rich, sweet voice rose
until the saloon seemed to be filled with soul-stirring music, curiosity
went up to fever heat, and George III
 would have given his kingdom to
know who she was
 Ingomar, the Barbarian Chief, with his long, shaggy
whiskers, stood near the queen, turning the music sheets as the song
progressed, and occasionally stooping to whisper something in her ear,
which she answered with a nod and a smile
 As soon as the song was ended
the knight of Ivanhoe requested Ingomar to present him to the queen

Ingomar in a low whisper asked her permission to present the knight of
Ivanhoe, which was promptly granted


“I have the honor, your Majesty, to present my distinguished and
honorable friend, Sir Knight of Ivanhoe
” A graceful bow and the queen
held out her little white hand, which Ivanhoe pressed to his lips


“Sir Knight, we are delighted to know you
 Shall we have the pleasure of
your presence during our excursion to New Orleans?”

“I am profoundly grateful for your Majesty’s condescension, and shall be
overjoyed at the privilege of making one of the party
”

“To-morrow being the first day of May, our festivities will commence,
and it is our royal pleasure, sir knight, that you shall attach yourself
to our court during the trip
”

“I cannot find language, my dear madame, to express my gratitude for the
distinguished honor you confer upon me
”

“Partners for a quadrille,” rang through the saloon as the band struck
up a lively tune
 George III
, the Duke of Wellington and Napoleon all
made a dash toward the queen at once, each one anxious to secure her as
a partner, but with a low bow and a sweet smile she turned to Ivanhoe,
took his arm, and was soon gliding through the dance
 The British King
appeared to take his discomfiture rather hard, while Wellington looked
somewhat chop-fallen; but Napoleon proposed that their sorrow should all
be drowned in a bowl of punch, which was agreed to, and the trio marched
to the bar to commence the drowning process


“Devilish provoking,” muttered George III


“What’s provoking?” says Wellington


“That mysterious piece of humanity styling herself queen of Scots
 I
shall always hate masquerade balls after this
 I don’t think they are
respectable at all
”

“Come, come, your royal highness, you should not surrender at the first
repulse; Ivanhoe has only gained a temporary triumph, and if you will
come to the charge again with a brave heart, you may yet compel victory
to perch on your banner
”

“Ingomar had a monopoly until Ivanhoe leaped into the arena and carried
off the prize, and I advise you to show a bold front
 Strategy won’t win
in battles of love
 If you expect to win, don’t attempt to make a flank
movement, but come boldly up to the front
 Remember that ‘faint heart
never won fair lady
’”

“I don’t want to win a fair lady, or any other kind of lady, until I
know who she is
”

“I guess you will find that out to-morrow, for she is going to New
Orleans
”

“True, but I learn that she means to make the entire trip incog
”

“Impossible, sir, impossible; how can she remain on this boat two or
three weeks without being recognized by some one?”

“That’s the question to be settled hereafter; she will have to play the
game very cautiously, if she prevents me from finding out who she is
 By
the by, do you know who that savage-looking fellow is who personates
Ingomar?”

“No, but you may be sure the queen knows him; did you notice how
affectionately she leans on his arm, and how close she puts her mouth to
his ear when she speaks to him?”

“Yes, to be sure I did; but she is now playing the same game on
Ivanhoe
”

“Who the deuce is Ivanhoe?”

“I don’t know that either, and without meaning any discourtesy to you, I
beg to say that I don’t care a copper to know who he is
”

“I hear that it is the intention of Ingomar and Ivanhoe to imitate the
example of the queen by making the trip incog
”

“By all means let them do it; and I suggest that we three do the same,
and keep our names concealed from them, and we shall have rare sport

Don’t you know that the ladies will die of curiosity if we conceal our
names? Let us form a combination against them, look and talk
mysteriously, and my word for it, propositions will be made for a treaty
looking to a general disclosure of names and the discarding of masks
”

“Capital idea, my lord, and you may depend upon my hearty co-operation

As soon as the boat leaves the wharf to-morrow let the war begin
”

“Perhaps the captain will object to passengers going in disguise all the
time
”

“No; he told me that the queen intended to make the entire trip in mask,
and that the same privilege would be extended to all who desired to
avail themselves of it
”

“Very good, very good; then the alliance, offensive and defensive, may
be considered as ratified and confirmed
”

“Charge, Chester, charge
 and on, Stanley on
” said Wellington, as he
drew the cork from a fresh bottle of champagne


“Screw your courage up to the sticking point, my gallant king, and with
the emperor and duke at your back, move on the enemy, unfurl your
banner, cry ‘havoc,’ and let slip the dogs of war
 Confusion and
discomfiture shall overwhelm our foes
”

“We must win the queen of Sheba to our side at all hazards, as I learn
that she and her two maids of honor are going on the excursion
”

“That shall be your task, then--to secure her co-operation
 See her at
once, and if she will join us, we will have an easy victory
”

“You may depend on me for that,” said the counterfeit king, as he
started on his recruiting expedition
 “I’ll be back in a moment, and
report progress
 Meantime you and Napoleon mature the plan of the
campaign during my absence
”

George III
 soon returned with a favorable report: “Her Majesty presents
her compliments to the emperor, and my lord the duke of Wellington, and
will be much gratified to have them enrolled as permanent members of her
festive court, which will be convened on the hurricane deck at eleven
o’clock A
 M
 to-morrow
”

“Now you have her message _verbatim_,” said the king, as he dove both
hands into his pockets, with a self-satisfied look
 “Won’t we have rare
sport? won’t we make the enemy die of curiosity? We must organize
thoroughly, and make a systematic siege, and if we don’t capture the
entire party before three days, take my hat and hang it on the tallest
wave that rises behind the ‘White Rose of Memphis
’ We must seem to
ignore the other party entirely--look and talk as if no such party were
aboard; drop mysterious hints--about things that never were heard of,
speak of love-making that we could tell more about if we would
 Let all
these hints be carelessly dropped in the hearing of some one of the
other party, and you may be sure that they will sue for peace and union
before we reach New Orleans
 Should any one of the other party ask
questions (which they will be sure to do) shake your head, look
mysterious, shrug your shoulders, and heave a mournful sigh
 Do you
think the world ever produced a woman that could stand that? Would you
believe it, the queen of Scots’ first maid of honor is now half dead to
know who I am? Can’t I see how she has been watching me for the last
hour? I’ll capture her the first thing to-morrow and employ her as a
spy in the enemies’ camp
”

At last the ball ended, the guests departed, save those who had engaged
passage for the grand excursion, and they had retired for the night, to
dream of the sport to be enjoyed on the morrow, while Captain Quitman
paced proudly on the hurricane deck, with heart swelling with
satisfaction at the pecuniary prospects before him





CHAPTER II



The eventful and long-looked-for day on which the “White Rose of
Memphis” was to start on her first trip had come at last, and a mighty
stir, indeed, did that day produce on and under the tall, romantic bluff
in front of Memphis
 The morning was delightful, the atmosphere pure and
invigorating, the sweet odor of fresh spring flowers was on the breeze,
mingling with the soft notes of music produced by the band from the
hurricane deck
 The stars and stripes floated gracefully from the
flag-staff, dark clouds of black smoke rose from the chimneys, a white
cloud of steam struggled up through the black smoke and disappeared far
above, innumerable drays rattled along the pavement, carriages thundered
over the rocky road, carriage drivers swore at dray drivers, dray
drivers returned the compliment with interest, in language not of a
religious nature, deck hands sung “Dixie,” cabin boys danced juber,
chamber-maids darted hither and thither, apparently anxious to perform
their duty, without the slightest conception of what that duty was
 A
villainous urchin, in the arms of his nurse, was making a heart-rending
noise with a tin horn, and a passenger muttered something not taught at
Sunday-school


“Them’s my sentiments to a T,” said another man who had been annoyed
with the tin horn


As the hour drew near when the boat was to start the confusion
increased
 The pilot was at his wheel, the engineer was at his engine;
Captain Quitman stood on the upper deck in front of the pilot house,
looking happy, and feeling vastly important
 Hundreds of men, women and
children in holiday costumes stood on the bluff, shouting and waving
white handkerchiefs to their friends on the boat
 A mocking-bird in a
cage on the boiler deck imitated every imaginable sound with his
wonderful voice, while a parrot, perched on a pole near the clerk’s
office, kept crying, “Let her rip
 let her rip, Sam
”

“How much steam have you got, Tom?” cried the pilot through his
speaking-tube


“One sixty, sir, and still rising
”

“All right; blow off the mud valves and keep a good head; we must make a
good run at the start
”

“Time’s up, Dave; let her go,” said the captain
 “Run her up to the
mouth of Wolf, make a turn to the left, and then let her come down with
her best speed
”

“Let go the head line,” cried the mate


“Draw in the stage,” says the captain


“Go ahead on the larboard, and back on the starboard,” cried the pilot
to the engineer


“Go ahead on the steward, and back on the cook-house,” cries a
mischievous little negro, who is dancing a jig in front of the pilot
house


The boat moves slowly up stream until a point opposite the mouth of Wolf
river is reached, then makes a graceful curve to the left, and comes
flying past the city with a speed never equaled by any other boat on
that river
 As the “White Rose” passed the last crowd on the bluff a
tremendous shout rose from a thousand voices, which was answered by the
throng of passengers who lined the deck of the boat
 As the golden rays
of the morning sun glanced down against the side of the boat, and played
and danced with the painted glass of her cabin, a thousand dazzling
streaks of light flashed back, presenting a sight of indescribable
beauty
 It was but a few moments until the boat passed round the bend
below President’s Island, and shut off from view the tall domes of the
bluff city; but the fresh green foliage with which the tall trees were
clothed presented a scene of beauty on which the beholders gazed with
delight
 As might have been expected, quite a sensation was created
among the large crowd of passengers when a dozen or more men and women
appeared on deck disguised with as many different and curious costumes

A murmur of dissatisfaction rose among some of the passengers, which
threatened to produce trouble; but finally it subsided when the clerk
announced the fact that all the maskers were well known to him, and that
they were respectable people


“How is your royal highness this morning?” said the Duke of Wellington,
as he shook hands with George III


“First rate, first rate, my lord
 How is it with you?”

“Fine, fine, sir
 Splendid day this
 By the by, where is the emperor?”

“Here he is
 Now let us commence the siege at once
 I see her Majesty,
the queen of Sheba, and her attendants, are waiting for us
 The Scottish
queen has marshaled her forces on the hurricane deck
”

“How is that?” demanded the emperor


“They have all taken seats in a circle, and seem determined to continue
the selfish plan
 Now we will take seats at a respectable distance from
them--just so as to be in hearing distance, and begin the battle
according to our original plan
 Our object is to so rouse their
curiosity as to force them to come to our side, or in other words, to
induce them to come and mingle with us
 A little skillful maneuvering on
our part, and the victory is ours
”

“Lead, lead, my gallant king
 You shall be our commander in this fight

Take the queen of Sheba to the field, and the emperor and I will bring
up the maids of honor, and then let the skirmishing begin
”

A canvas had been put up above the hurricane deck and seats arranged
under it, in order to afford passengers an opportunity to view the grand
scenery without being exposed to the rays of the sun; and this spot had
been selected as the field of action
 The queen of Scots and her party
were seated in a circle, near the stern of the boat, wholly unconscious
of the hostile preparations which were being made by the queen of Sheba
and her adherents
 Ingomar was entertaining the queen and the ladies of
her court with an eloquent description of the burning of the steam-boat
“Bulletin,” and the heart-rending scenes that were witnessed on that
occasion
 The queen of Sheba with her party was located about twenty
feet from the spot occupied by the queen of Scots


“Now,” said George III
, making a low bow to the queen of Sheba, “what
is your Majesty’s pleasure? What is to be the fun to-day?”

“Social conversation and enjoying the beautiful scenery will occupy us
till luncheon, and when we have had enough of that, we will then form
our plans for the future
”

“By the by,” said Wellington with a loud voice, evidently intended to
attract the attention of the Scottish queen’s party, “have you heard the
strange news?”

“No, no; what is it?”

“There are two detectives aboard in mask, on the look-out for the
perpetrator of a diabolical murder that was committed near Collierville
day before yesterday
 They have tracked the man to this boat, and have
satisfied themselves that he is aboard, and are prepared to arrest him

They have got a man spotted, and are going to take him off at
Vicksburg
”

“That’s the best shot that ever was fired,” whispered Napoleon


“See,” said the queen, “the shot has taken effect
 They are all looking
this way, and intently listening
 They are dying to hear more
 Give them
another shot
”

“What were the circumstances of the murder?” inquired Napoleon, as he
raised his voice and winked at Wellington


“Oh, it was a most horrible and cruel murder--it was a love affair
 The
deceased was a young and pretty girl; she had loved not wisely, but too
well
 Poison was the means used to produce death
”

“There, there, Wellington,” whispered Napoleon; “let ’em rest on that a
while
 They have all been gradually moving this way
 They can’t hold out
much longer
”

“Let me throw one more shell into their camp,” whispered Wellington


“All right; go ahead
”

“There is a skillful pickpocket aboard of this boat, and those who have
money had better be on their guard
 One passenger has been relieved of a
purse containing five hundred dollars
 The pocket was cut clean off, and
so skillfully done that the owner knew nothing about it until his
attention was called to it by a friend
 I fear that our amusements will
all be interfered with, and that we shall be compelled to lay aside our
disguises, because, whoever he is, you may be assured he is in mask
”

“Good, good, Wellington
” said George III
, in a whisper; “stop; you
have got them completely demoralized, and we may safely wait for the
result
”

“Oh, mercy on us
” exclaimed one of Queen Mary’s maids of honor, “we are
in the midst of thieves and murderers
 Didn’t you hear that gentleman
say that a bloody murder had been committed, and that a gentleman had
been robbed, and that both criminals were aboard of this boat? Who knows
but what we shall all be murdered and robbed
”

“Don’t look toward them,” said Wellington; “the last shot has mortally
wounded the last one of the party
” This sentence was whispered, so as
not to be heard by the opposition


Ivanhoe drew near Wellington and said: “Pardon me, sir, but I beg to
inquire about this dreadful murder of which I heard you speak just now
”

Wellington shrugged his shoulders, and gave a deep sigh
 “Horrible

horrible; must cruel
 unprecedented
 but that’s all I know about it
”
And with a knowing wink at George III
, Wellington observed: “Look at
that beautiful little island there
 See what delightful foliage
 How
splendid it would be to have a picnic on that nice green turf under such
a cool-looking shade
”

“Oh, wouldn’t that be delightful
” said the queen of Sheba


“We’ll have a picnic to-morrow,” said Napoleon
 “The boat is going to
take on a large lot of cotton just below Helena; and we will order the
steward to prepare a picnic dinner, and we will have a dance, as well as
a dinner
”

Ivanhoe bit his lip with vexation as he returned to his party no wiser
than when he left it


“Hold your hand over my mouth, else I shall be compelled to laugh out,”
said the queen to her first maid of honor


“Pray, don’t laugh,” cried the young lady; “it would cause them to
suspect something
”

“What did you learn about the murder?” inquired the queen of Scots, as
Ivanhoe returned to his seat


“Nothing,” was the solemn reply
 “They all seem to be an ill-mannered,
ungenteel crew, and, for my part, I am inclined to think they have been
making sport of us
”

“I see through it all,” said Ingomar gravely
 “They are offended because
we did not invite them to mingle with us
 For my part, I am unwilling to
notice such silly conduct
 I like amusement well enough, but it must be
such as sensible people may engage in
 Allow me to suggest that we move
to another place and inaugurate a regular systematic plan to while away
our idle moments
”

The suggestion was unanimously concurred in, and the entire party went
to the front end of the boat, and soon were seated, leaving the other
party overwhelmed with mortification


“That is too bad
” exclaimed Napoleon; “we had won the victory, and lost
it by all grinning at once
 They have evidently seen our hand, and we
have lost the game
”

“Suppose we invite the other party to join us,” said Ingomar
 “If we
expect to enjoy our trip, it would be advisable to dispense with the
rigid rules of decorum and become acquainted with each other
”

“Your sentiments are generous and noble, sir, and are heartily approved;
and with your permission I will invite the other party to join us
”

“Have I your permission, madame, to deliver the invitation?”

“Yes, and I trust it will be accepted
”

Ingomar approached the spot where the queen of Sheba and her party were
seated, and with a dignified bow said: “I am requested by my royal
mistress, the queen of Scots, to present her highest regards to your
Majesty, and request the pleasure of your company at her royal court

She further requests me to beg you to bring all the ladies and gentlemen
of your party with you, in order that a friendly union may be entered
into, for the better enjoyment of such festivities and pleasures as may
be jointly considered worthy of well-bred and intelligent people
”

“Right noble and worthy chief, most eloquently hast thou delivered the
message of thy royal mistress, and it would be extreme rudeness for us
to refuse to accept it
 Therefore, we request you to convey to her
Majesty our most distinguished regards, and inform her that her generous
offer is accepted, and that it will be our pleasure to visit her festive
dominions
”

“My royal mistress will be delighted with the news
” And as he said this
he raised the queen’s hand to his lips, then turned and delivered his
message to the queen of Scots


“I am going to laugh,” said the first maid


“Laugh as much as you please, now; it can do no harm; we are forever
disgraced; we are beaten, overcome, captured
” said Wellington, as he
clinched his fists with vexation


“Is this the victory that we have been fighting for?”

“I call it a complete victory,” said the queen
 “Was it not the object
of our plan to force them to invite us to join them, and have they not
yielded? You may be sure they would never have given us the invitation
had it not been for the bait which we threw out to them
”

“I agree with your Majesty there,” said George III
 “We have
accomplished the object for which we contended, and now let us join
their party, and make ourselves agreeable
”

“Be it so, then,” replied Wellington, as he offered his arm to the queen
and led her to where the other party were seated


The two queens seemed to enter into a contest as to which should be
considered most polite
 The graceful bowing, the gentle hand-shaking,
the sweet smiling, the high compliments, and general bearing, were such
as might have been witnessed between Queen Victoria and the Empress
Eugenie when they first met


“Now,” said Ingomar, addressing the two queens, “as I understand the
object of this excursion to be one of pleasure and amusement, permit me
to suggest that we organize ourselves into a sort of committee of the
whole, and agree on some plan by which each hour of the day shall be
furnished with some kind of innocent sport
”

“We think the idea a good one, sir,” replied Queen Mary, “and we appoint
you and Ivanhoe as a select committee, whose duty it shall be to draft a
set of rules or by-laws for the government of our court
 We allow you
one hour for the performance of that duty; meantime we will amuse
ourselves by a promenade in the saloon
”

Promptly at the expiration of the hour the queen ordered her court to
convene on deck in order to hear the by-laws read


“We are now ready to hear what you have written,” said the queen,
speaking to Ingomar


“We have the honor to inform your royal highness that we have performed
the duty assigned to us, and are now ready to report
”

“Read the report, my noble chief
”

Ingomar read as follows: “Whereas certain ladies and gentlemen of the
good city of Memphis, State of Tennessee, have embarked on an expedition
of pleasure, on board of the steam-boat known as the ‘White Rose of
Memphis,’ and whereas the aforesaid ladies and gentlemen are desirous of
contributing as much as they can to the happiness and pleasure of their
comrades thereby, and by means whereof they expect to obtain innocent
enjoyment for themselves and their associates, therefore be it
remembered that on this, the first day of May, the following rules and
regulations have been adopted, and the honor of each member pledged that
said rules and regulations shall in all respects be complied with and
faithfully obeyed, and that any one who shall be guilty of a willful
violation of any one of the rules shall be considered disgraced and
unworthy to be a member of this association, and shall be excluded
therefrom:

“RULE 1st
 Her Royal Highness, the queen of Scots, shall reign as the
grand sovereign of this association


“RULE 2d
 It shall be the duty of the reigning sovereign to determine
what shall be the plan of amusement for the day, and give orders
accordingly


“RULE 3d
 No disrespectful language to be used by any member of this
association


“RULE 4th
 The right of each member of this association to remain in
disguise is recognized, and no one shall be questioned as to his or her
real name without his or her consent


“RULE 5th
 None but harmless sport shall be proposed or indulged in
”

“We think the rules very good,” said the queen, “and we now propose
their adoption
 All who favor the rules make it known by saying aye
 It
is unnecessary to call for the nays, as the vote is unanimous in the
affirmative--and the rules are adopted
”

“Well,” said Ingomar, “your Majesty will issue your commands for the
day
 What shall be the programme?”

“It is our royal pleasure that each member of the association shall be
required to relate a story consisting of events, the truth of which are
to be vouched for by the narrator
 I dare say that each one will be able
to tell something that will be both amusing and instructive
 Love
stories would be preferable; but no one shall be restricted as to that

Personal reminiscences of the party who may tell the story would be
listened to, doubtless, with attention and pleasure
 Therefore, it is
our royal command that the Barbarian Chief, Ingomar, shall now proceed
to relate a story
”

“Ingomar
 Ingomar
 Ingomar
 a story by Ingomar
” cried every one


“It would have been more to my liking to have listened to others, may it
pleasure your Majesty, but as it would be rank treason to disobey your
command, I shall endeavor to comply, by relating the history of
transactions, many of which came under my own observation in and near
the city of Memphis
 The substance of the story would no doubt be very
interesting were it well told, but I greatly fear I shall bore you all
by my awkward manner of telling it
 But there will be a consolation in
knowing that if you should become wearied of it, you can command me to
stop, which order I beg to assure you I would more gladly obey than any
other you could give
”

“If your manner of telling the story is as modest and well spoken as the
apology, we shall be very much delighted, I assure you
 Therefore we
command you to proceed
”

“As the occurrences which I am about to describe all have an intimate
connection with the city of Memphis, and as many of the persons who
played prominent parts in the story are now residing there, I think it
proper to inform my audience that the names used are fictitious
 I could
not for a moment think of parading the real names of the actors before
the public without their consent
”

“The idea is commendable, sir, and only serves to increase our anxiety
to hear the story
 Therefore we again command you to proceed
”

“There’s the gong for luncheon,” cried Napoleon as he sprang to his
feet
 “Postpone the story until after refreshments
”

“That’s a splendid idea
” said Ingomar
 “It will give me time to collect
my ideas
”

“Very well,” said the queen
 “We will assemble here immediately after
lunch, to listen to Ingomar’s story
”

Ingomar led the queen of Scots to the saloon, while Wellington offered
his arm to the queen of Sheba, and the party went down to lunch





CHAPTER III



The arrangements which Captain Quitman had made for the accommodation of
the large party of excursionists were of the most costly and liberal
character, showing that neither labor nor money had been stingily
expended
 The spacious saloon had been gorgeously decorated by an
experienced artist, while innumerable historical incidents and poetical
scenes had been painted on the snow-white surface of the wall in front
of each state-room
 Three scenes in “Mazeppa” appeared first on the left
as you entered from the front
 The first picture represented the
beautiful wild steed in the act of making a plunge forward, while
Mazeppa is being bound to his back
 The second scene represented the
foaming steed as he bounded through the forest, with the large gang of
wolves in pursuit; and the last showed the dying steed stretched on the
ground, while a flock of vultures covered the surrounding space, ready
to begin the work of destruction
 The artist had executed the work so
skillfully that one might almost imagine that he could hear the horse’s
hoofs as they thundered against the earth, and distinguish the hideous
howl of the savage wolves
 The next painting represented Achilles
driving his chariot round the walls of Troy, dragging the helpless body
of Hector by the heels, while the beauteous wife of the dead hero stood
weeping on a distant tower, as she witnessed the horrible cruelty
 Then
a little farther down on the same side, we see Cleopatra seated in her
magnificent gondola, gorgeously clad in her royal robes, surrounded by
her officers and slaves, while she sails over the glittering surface of
the water, where she goes to conquer a mighty warrior with her
irresistible charms
 We come next to a ludicrous scene representing
Gulliver on the island of Lilliput, standing erect with his legs placed
far apart, while twenty thousand Lilliputian cavalry, with the king and
queen at their head, are marching between his huge legs
 A beautiful
representation of the burial of De Soto in the Mississippi river
appeared farther on
 Many other thrilling scenes appeared which we
cannot spare time to describe


So the guests marched into the spacious saloon
 Professor
Scatterbrains’s band played a national air, the soft, sweet sounds
filling the room with a delightful harmony
 The gorgeous display of
costly table-ware that adorned the festive board was such as one might
expect to behold at a king’s palace
 Massive goblets of solid silver,
tureens, pitchers, castors and fruit stands of shining gold, large china
vases, filled with fragrant flowers, arranged in pairs from one end of
the table to the other, while gilded china imported from the East, of
various colors, green, yellow and blue, wrought in quaint but beautiful
patterns, covered the snow-white cloth
 Two beautiful thrones for the
especial use of the two queens had been erected at the head of the
table, one on the left, the other on the right, handsomely decorated
with pink velvet cushions and canopied with blue cloth, richly studded
with stars of silver and gold
 The charming picture that met the eyes of
the delighted guests caused an exclamation of delight to escape from the
lips of many a beautiful belle, as they filed into the saloon


As soon as all the passengers were seated, the captain, waving his hand
toward the vast crowd by way of commanding silence, said:

“My young friends, if you wish to please me, and enjoy this excursion, I
hope you will lay aside all feelings of restraint, become acquainted
with each other, and engage in such innocent sport as is calculated to
amuse and instruct
 Julius Cæsar said:

       “‘Let me have men about me that are fat,
    Sleek-headed men who sleep o’ nights

    Yon’d Cassius has a lean and hungry look

    He thinks too much; such men are dangerous
’

“Now, my young friends, the sequel proved that Cæsar was right in his
dislike of the lean and hungry Cassius; give me friends who laugh and
grow fat--men and women who can throw off the dull cares of life, and
condescend to be pleasant and happy on occasions like this
 There are
times when man should be serious, but there are also times when he
should be social and sportive
 I have spent money and labor freely in
order to complete the arrangements for the comfort and pleasure of my
guests, and it will gratify me greatly to know that I have not made a
failure
 I was gratified when I heard of the admirable plans which your
Majesty has adopted in order to amuse and entertain your loving
subjects
 Indeed, sir, I am delighted to know that our little scheme
meets with your approbation; we thought it would afford innocent
amusement, as well as profitable food for thought
 The Barbarian Chief
has kindly consented to entertain our party by the relation of a story
which is to be the first of a series to be told during our trip
”

“I hope,” said Scottie, “that the noble Barbarian Chief will tell us all
about Parthenia, the beauteous little captive whose irresistible charm
subdued and tamed Ingomar, and led him with the rosy chain of love from
the barbarian camp to the walks of civilization, converting a heartless
savage into a fond and gentle lover
 Oh, how I should like to capture
such a hero
 it would be such fun to tease him until he began to rave,
and then to soothe him with sweet whispers from the soul
 I would make
him gather flowers for me, and then talk to him about ‘Two souls with
but a single thought, two hearts that beat as one;’ and I would enjoy
such sport so much
”

“For my part,” said the queen of Sheba, “I would much prefer to listen
to a patriotic story, such as the ‘Scottish Chiefs,’ or ‘Thaddæus of
Warsaw;’ I admire those noble-hearted heroes who are always willing to
die for their country, but manage somehow not to do it
 The heroic
Thaddæus of Warsaw was very anxious to sacrifice himself for his
country, but finally took a more sensible view of it, and fled to
England, and married Mary Buford, the great heiress
”

“I prefer love stories,” replied Scottie; “give us something like
‘Henrietta Temple,’ ‘Alonzo and Melissa,’ ‘Foul Play,’ or ‘Little
Dorrit
’”

“I prefer ‘Gulliver’ or ‘Crusoe,’” said George III
 “I do not think I
could command sufficient patience to listen to such a love story as
‘Henrietta Temple
’”

“Give me something like the ‘Talisman,’ or the ‘Heart of Midlothian,’
and you may count on securing my undivided attention,” said Ivanhoe


“Permit me to make a suggestion to my young friends,” observed Captain
Quitman, “which I have no doubt will contribute greatly to your
pleasure
 We have a young gentleman aboard whom I consider an excellent
Shakespearean reader
 I had the exquisite pleasure of hearing his
rendition of ‘Hamlet’ one evening at a social gathering in Memphis, and
I have no doubt he would consent to gratify his friends by repeating it
to-night
”

“We would be more than delighted if you could prevail on him to give us
an entertainment of that sort this evening,” rejoined Queen Mary


“If we can be so fortunate as to organize a troupe of poetical readers,”
observed the Duke of Wellington, “it would instruct as well as amuse our
friends
 If such a scheme should be desirable (and I am pleased to think
it would), I can produce a young lady who can repeat ‘Lalla Rookh’ from
memory; and I have no doubt that there are many others aboard who could
give us some excellent readings of poetry
”

“We commission the duke and Captain Quitman as our agents to organize a
troupe,” rejoined Queen Mary; “and our programme will be to listen to
Ingomar’s story this evening, and, at night, to assemble in the saloon
and hear the recitations
”

“I shall not be able to complete the relation of my story this evening,”
said Ingomar


“That will make no difference,” replied the queen; “we will be
entertained by our Barbarian Chief during the day, and the poetical
readings during the night
”

“That will be a most excellent plan,” said Captain Quitman; “variety is
the spice of life you know
”

“Yes, and I beg to remind your Majesty,” exclaimed the duke, “that the
opportunity to shake the fantastic toe must be provided for
”

“Of course,” ejaculated Captain Quitman; “that is a consummation
devoutly to be wished
 We can find plenty of time for that
 Dancing
hours will be from seven till nine, and the literary exercises will
commence at nine, and continue until Morpheus takes command
”

“I wonder what kind of a story the Barbarian Chief is going to dish out
to us,” said George III
 “Will it treat of war, love, or politics; will
it tell of battles, and blood, or will it describe sweet birds, sweet
flowers, and sweet love?”

“It would be better, perhaps, to tell the story first, and answer your
questions afterward,” replied Ingomar
 “I shall tell it under protest

The materials which are at my disposal, if skillfully handled, would
construct an interesting novel; but I am not vain enough to imagine that
I can weave them into anything like a good story
 My life has been
crowded with many thrilling incidents--I have tasted the bitterest dregs
in fortune’s cup, and I have sailed on the smooth ocean of pleasure; and
as her Majesty has commanded me to entertain her guests with a story, I
shall confine myself to a truthful history of scenes in which I have
been an actor
 In order to save time, I shall group the most prominent
incidents, and set them down in the city of Memphis and vicinity, taking
the liberty to change the venue of an important criminal case from New
York to the Bluff City
 If you should ask me by what authority I venture
to change the venue from one State to another, I would answer by
referring you to the numerous instances where the United States Courts
have exercised the arbitrary power to do such things
 Shall I, as a
champion story teller, regularly commissioned by a mighty and beauteous
queen, be denied the privileges claimed by a little United States Court?
I say the venue is changed to Memphis, and when I begin to describe the
interesting trial, I trust no one will be so inquisitive as to examine
the records, with a view to contradicting my truthful history
 If I
choose to introduce my _dramatis personæ_ under _nom de plumes_, I hope
my friends will raise no objections, because, while I claim that the
acts of public men constitute public property, I am afraid to take too
much liberty in that respect, lest I should endanger my valuable
person
”

“We command you to cease your continuous talk about preliminaries,”
observed Queen Mary, as she waved her hand impatiently toward Ingomar;
“no one shall be compelled to listen to the tale
 Tell the story, and
let us judge for ourselves as to its merits
”

“I obey your Majesty’s commands,” replied Ingomar


“Perhaps,” said Captain Quitman, as a quizzical smile played on his
handsome countenance, “our friend Sancho Panza would contribute
something of an intellectual character to our programme to-night
”

“Maybe he will do us the honor to become a member of our literary club,”
said Scottie, as she courtesied to him


“I beg to assure you, madame, that you honor me too highly, but at the
same time permit me to say that I have no doubt I shall be able to
render some assistance
 If, as I understand, it is to be intellectual
amusement you seek, I flatter myself with the opinion that my
contribution will be invaluable
”

“What shall it be, Sancho?” inquired George III


“I will repeat the multiplication table from beginning to end, and
whistle ‘Yankee Doodle
’”

A perfect roar of laughter was produced by Sancho’s thrust, but the
young people became convinced that nothing was to be made by poking wit
at him
 A couple of politicians, who occupied seats near the lower end
of the table, were engaged in an animated discussion which was
attracting considerable attention


“For my part,” said General Camphollower, “I think that our Government
dealt too leniently with rebels after the war
”

“I believe,” replied Colonel Confed, “that the views you express were
those held by men who never smelled burned powder, or heard the whistle
of a hostile bullet; but all brave soldiers who fought in the Union
army, from General Grant down to the humblest private, were opposed to
any harsh measures
”

“I perceive,” replied General Camphollower, “that you are not being much
reconstructed
”

“Gentlemen,” said Captain Quitman, “pardon me for interrupting your
conversation, but I would beg to suggest the propriety of eschewing
politics while on this excursion
 Let the past bury the past--let us
cultivate a feeling of friendship between the North and South
 Both
parties committed errors--let both parties get back to the right track

Let us try to profit by our sad experience--let us teach forgiveness and
patriotism, and look forward to the time when the cruel war shall be
forgotten
 We have a great and glorious nation, of which we are very
proud, and we will make it greater by our love and support
 It was a
family quarrel, and the family has settled it, and woe be to the
outsider who shall dare to interfere
”

“Hurrah
 hurrah for Uncle Sam
” was unanimously shouted by all the
passengers


“Uncle Sam shall live forever, and those unpatriotic politicians who
have crippled him shall be driven into obscurity
 Let peace and good
will, brotherly love and good faith, exist between the North and South,
and let Satan take those who wave the bloody shirt
”

“Good
 good
 hear
 hear
” was shouted long and loud by all the guests,
while the two politicians shook hands across the table, and bumped their
glasses together


By this time the table was cleared, and the waiters began to uncork
innumerable bottles of champagne


“Ladies and gentlemen,” said Captain Quitman as his tall, handsome form
rose high above the crowd, “fill your glasses and hear my toast
” Some
little confusion then ensued while each guest was having his glass
filled, and then the captain’s voice rang out as he spoke: “Here is to
the Union as it was in the days of its purity
” General Camphollower
responded in an eloquent speech, and took his seat amid thundering
applause
 Then, reaching his hand across the table toward Colonel
Confed, he exclaimed: “Here is my hand, colonel--let us shake across the
table, and consider it the bloody chasm
”

George III
 whispered to the duke: “Do you know that lady yonder in the
black silk domino?”

“Indeed I do not; in fact, I had not noticed her
”

“There is a mystery about that woman, as sure as we stand here; just
look at her, will you--she is weeping
 I have been watching her for the
last half hour, and there is a strangeness in all her movements hard to
understand, and harder still to describe
”

“Come, come, my lord,” exclaimed the duke, as he laid his hand on the
shoulder of the king, “you cannot deceive me--you are endeavoring to
imitate Romeo; he fell in love with Juliet at a masquerade
”

“Upon honor, I have not said a word to that lady, and I have no
intention or desire to do so; but I would like very much to know who she
is
 What can be the matter with the poor lady, I wonder; don’t you see
how she is weeping?”

“I dare say that the song the queen sang a while ago has called up
unpleasant reminiscences
 She may have sung that song to a lover who was
afterward killed in the late war
 This unfortunate land is full of
aching hearts and crushed hopes
 Thousands of mothers, sisters and
sweethearts are weeping and wailing for dear ones who silently sleep in
bloody graves
”

“That is all very true, but that lady is distressed about something that
has happened on this boat, because she was weeping before the queen sang
the sweet song
 She did not go to the table at lunch, and she has been
continually passing among all the passengers and apparently searching
for somebody
”

“Well, I hope she will succeed in finding the individual she is looking
for, if, as you think, she is really shadowing some one
”

“My lord,” said the queen, as she approached the duke, “if you will be
so good as to collect our friends on the hurricane deck, we will order
the Barbarian Chief to commence the relation of his little story
” The
duke courtesied to the queen and immediately began to execute her
commands; and it was but a few minutes until the entire party were
seated on the upper deck


The party having arranged themselves in a circle, in the center of which
sat the queen in a large arm-chair, Mary bowed to Ingomar, and requested
him to commence his story
 Ingomar took his seat facing the queen, in a
comfortable low chair which had been provided for his especial use, and
began to relate the following story:


INGOMAR’S STORY


“I was born in Nashville, Tennessee, and was six years old when my
mother died
 I was her only child, and, as a matter of course, was much
petted and greatly beloved by her
 The memory of my dear mother is as
indelibly fixed on my mind as the inscription on a marble monument,
though I trust that my poor heart does not in any manner resemble the
cold, unfeeling marble
 My father was, at the time of my mother’s death,
a prosperous merchant, but from that date he began to neglect his
business, and, I regret to say, commenced to spend his time at hotels
and liquor saloons
 I was left at home, alone with the house-maid and
another servant, except what time I spent at school
 I was too young to
understand or realize how rapidly my father was traveling the downward
road, but I soon began to notice that he was unsteady in his walk, and
that he was becoming cross, and hard to please
 I did not know then that
he was growing fond of brandy, nor did I imagine that one whom I loved
so dearly could do anything wrong
 But alas, how soon was this blissful
ignorance displaced by a knowledge of the awful truth
 My father had
been born and bred a gentleman, and, when not under the influence of
brandy, was as kind and tender with me as heart could wish
 The exact
amount of his fortune at the date of my mother’s death I never knew,
though I have since learned that it was no insignificant sum; but, as a
natural result of his neglect of business, the firm became involved more
and more every year, until it finally collapsed at the end of the second
year after my mother’s death
 When I was eight years old the servants
began to talk of leaving, on account of the bad treatment which my
father gave them--complaining of a neglect on his part to pay them their
wages
 I also frequently heard them hint of a second marriage which my
father was contemplating, which, as may be imagined, gave me great
uneasiness, for I had imbibed the usual prejudice felt by children
against step-mothers
 But if I had known then what I do now, I should
have entertained very different views
 If there ever was an angel on
earth, my step-mother was one
 I shall never forget my feelings when the
house-maid informed me that my new mother would be brought home that
evening
 My heart felt as if it would break, and my eyes were filled
with tears, as I let my young mind wander back to the happy days when I
had been fondly held to my own dear mother’s bosom
 While I was dreaming
of the happy days that were forever gone, and occasionally shuddering at
the prospect before me, my step-mother, accompanied by her two children,
entered the room where I was, and without ceremony caught me in her arms
and kissed me
 I have never ceased to love her from that moment
 She was
a frail, delicate, darling little woman, with dark brown hair and
expressive blue eyes, and a voice as sweet as the music of the cooing
dove; and her two children were very much like her as to beauty and
gentleness of disposition
 Harry Wallingford, her son, was one year
younger than I, and his sister, Charlotte, was one year younger than her
brother
 She was the very image of her mother, having the same kind of
deep blue eyes, only somewhat larger, and her hair, of a bright golden
hue, floated in pretty curls about her well-shaped neck and shoulders

Her skin I thought was too white, as it had rather a bloodless
appearance, amounting to transparency
 The eye-lashes were long, the
brows likewise, which gave to the countenance something of a dreamy,
thoughtful appearance
 I may have been rather extravagant in making my
judgment as to her personal appearance, but I thought then, and I think
now, that she was the most charming little creature that I had ever
beheld
 Harry was a spare-built, and as I thought, rather effeminate
boy, but a more manly fellow than he proved to be I never knew
 He and I
became bosom friends from the start, and we were both in love with
Lottie
 He loved her as a brother, and I worshipped her, because I could
not help it, and to be candid, I never tried to help it
 How was it
possible for any one to associate daily with such a darling child and
not love her with all his heart? Lottie seemed to permit me to love her,
as if such devotion was no more than her just dues, and without making
any demonstrations of affection for me
 I am at a loss to know how to
begin to describe Harry Wallingford, for I must say that I never had
met any one before or since who possessed such a combination of peculiar
traits of character as he did
 Sometimes you would think he was the most
cold-natured, passionless boy that ever was created, and then, when
anything happened to rouse him, he would show such signs of passion as
to almost frighten me, or when any cause of real sorrow would come upon
him, his heart would begin to melt at once, and he would weep like a
woman
 There was no such feeling as jealousy between Harry and me on
account of my love for his sister; being then mere children, and all
intensely in love with each other
 We were all sent to the same school,
situated about a mile from our home
 We were kept at the same school for
four years, and oh, what happy years were they to me
 Not a ripple of
sorrow ever crossed the smooth surface of our sea of pleasure, save when
my father would come home intoxicated, and then, for a time, we would
collect in the garden and speak in whispers, lest he should find us
 He
was very kind to us when sober, but when his reason was clouded with
brandy, he seemed to be jealous of the love which our mother manifested
toward us, and often gave way to his passion, and abused her in a most
shocking manner
 Poverty began at length to make its unwelcome presence
at our home, but we were too young to realize or feel its influences as
our poor mother did
 The servants had all left us, because my father had
no money to pay their wages, and our mother was compelled to do her own
work; but Lottie was as industrious as a honey bee, and assisted her
mother all she could, while Harry and I did all we could to make her
work light
 We cultivated the garden, made the fires, and assisted
Lottie to milk the cow
 In fact, we made ourselves useful in every way
we could, and in spite of our poverty we were very happy
 I don’t think
my step-mother would have married my father if she had known of his bad
habits; but after the fatal step had been taken, she seemed to have made
up her mind to make the best of her bad bargain
 No matter how thick and
heavy were the troubles that crowded on her, she always met us on our
return from school with a pleasant smile; and the same love and
tenderness which she bestowed on her own children were at all times
extended to me
 When our wardrobe began to grow scant, and our garments
to become seedy and sometimes full of rents, our dear mother would work
till midnight, with Lottie by her side, mending them
 I would often drop
my book and gaze at Lottie as she sat by the dim lamp, the golden curls
falling about her shoulders, while her little fingers made the needle
bob up and down with lightning speed, as she mended a rent in my old
coat, and wonder if the angels in Heaven were like her
 My father spent
but little of his time at home, which circumstance enabled us to snatch
happiness from the very bottom pit of poverty
 I was deeply grieved to
notice that my mother’s health was gradually declining, but I did not
know then that it was the result of overwork and scanty food, coupled
with the cruel treatment from my father
 Neither Harry nor I had a
suspicion of the true state of affairs, else we would have quit school,
and gone to work in order to help support the family
 When our little
basket would be filled with provisions every morning by our mother
before we started for school, we did not know that she was left
frequently to work hard all day without a morsel for dinner
 I would
have worked night and day as a slave to have made her comfortable, and
so would Harry; but the secret of her real condition was concealed from
us until we had been at school four years, when we began to realize the
situation
 We at once left the school and began to seek employment, but
in this attempt we were often doomed to disappointment, because we were
too young to expect to get situations as clerks, and not strong enough
to do much at manual labor
 Harry was one of those persevering,
tenacious kind of boys that never abandon anything they undertake, and,
although he was younger than I, he was the leader in all our
enterprises
 He was self-reliant, energetic and hopeful
 I was the
reverse of that, and I could not accomplish anything except when I was
encouraged and led by him
 I therefore submitted to his leadership, and
followed him from place to place seeking employment
 Sometimes we would
manage to secure several little profitable jobs during the day, and
every cent we got was handed over to our mother
 Then some days we would
traverse the streets from early morning until night without finding any
work to do, and when this would happen our scanty supply of provisions
would grow more scant, until we found the wolf at our very door
 I do
not know how my father managed to obtain his meals, for he scarcely ever
came home, and when he did come he was so much overcome with brandy that
he would fall down on a bed and sleep for many hours, then rise and go
straight to the nearest whisky shop
 It was about six months after we
were compelled to quit school that a strange-looking man, with red nose,
and bloated face, and very shabbily dressed, staggered into our house,
and informed my mother that her husband had fallen from a second-story
window and broken his neck
 I learned that my father had been carousing
with a gang of disreputable men in the second story of a drinking and
gambling house, and had staggered through the window, falling
head-foremost on the stone pavement below
 His neck was dislocated, his
head and face mangled, and he was quite dead when his drunken companions
went to him
 This dreadful ending of my poor father’s life gave my
mother such a shock that she was compelled to take to her bed, from
which she never rose again
 It was not quite a month after my father’s
remains were deposited in the grave when my darling step-mother’s gentle
spirit went to its eternal home
 The last days of her life were not days
of suffering, as is usual in such cases, for she informed her weeping
children that she was perfectly free from pain


“‘Come here, my son, and sit near me,’ she said to Harry one day a short
time before her death
 ‘I wish to speak to you about what you shall do
when I am gone
’

“Poor boy
 he was weeping as if his heart would break
 No one ever loved
a darling mother more than Harry loved his; and no mother ever had a
more noble, dutiful son than Harry


“‘You must not grieve about me after I am taken from you, my darling
boy; but you will live such a life as will enable you to come to meet me
when it is ended
 I need not advise you to be good, noble, honorable,
all through life, because I feel assured that you will be all that
 But
few mothers have been blessed with such children as I have, and
therefore I can depart from them with a loving faith and hope of meeting
them again
 One promise I shall ask you to make, though, and that is
that you will devote your life to the protection of your sister, Lottie

The pitfalls and dangers which lie in the path of human life are much
more numerous and much greater in the road of a young girl than are to
be found in the one of a young man
’

“‘Dear mother,’ said I, as I knelt by the bedside and seized her little
pale hand, ‘I now solemnly promise to join Harry in this sacred duty
 I
will follow him through life to aid in protecting my darling sister; for
I love her with all my heart, and do here now swear to devote my life to
her service
’

“‘God bless you, Edward
’ she said as she placed her hand on my head;
‘this is very good in you, and will be remembered to your credit where
good and bad deeds are recorded
’

“Harry was unable to make a promise of any kind, being so overcome with
grief that he could not utter a word, but had fallen on the bed by his
mother’s side, clinging to her neck, and pressing his lips to her pale
brow
 He appeared to lose control of his feelings--an unusual thing for
him to do, for he was generally more self-possessed than other boys
 His
mother whispered to me, directing me to take him away
 I lifted him in
my arms and carried him to another room and laid him on the bed, and
remained with him until he became somewhat calm


“‘Oh, Edward,’ said he, while his eyes were full of tears, ‘how can we
live without her? Shall that darling, sweet face be forever hidden from
us? What will become of poor Lottie when our mother is gone?’

“‘Can we not work for her? Can we not take care of her? I will help you,
Harry
 I will never forsake you and Lottie
 I will go with you to the
end of the world, to help work for Lottie
 You are my brother, she is my
sister, and nothing shall ever part us but death
’

“‘Thank you, Eddie, you are very good; and we shall stay together
’

“Lottie was soundly sleeping, unconscious of the fact that she was soon
to be motherless
 We had so far kept her in ignorance of the situation,
but I afterward was convinced of the great error we committed in doing
so, for when the time came in which concealment was no longer possible,
she was wholly unprepared for the blow
 She had not suspected that her
mother was on her death-bed, but had been continually chatting
cheerfully about the new blooming flowers, telling her mother how pretty
they would be by the time she should be able to walk in the garden

Every morning she placed a fresh bouquet of fragrant flowers on a little
table by her mother’s bedside, and would sit for hours talking to her,
while she was busy mending garments for Harry and me


“It was a beautiful day in early spring when the gentle spirit of our
darling mother took its leave of this world
 The sweet songs of many
little birds loaded the air with their delightful music
 The fresh, cool
breeze came stealing through the open windows, sweetened with the
fragrance of spring flowers, and all nature seemed to exert her energies
to make our mother’s last moments happy


“‘When I am gone’ she said to Harry, ‘you will take Lottie to my brother
who resides in Memphis
 He will give her a home, and you and Edward can
find employment there
 I leave you in the hands of Him who promised to
be a father to the orphan
 “Blessed are they that mourn, for they shall
be comforted
” “Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God
”’

“These were her last words, and without a struggle or symptom of
suffering, she fell asleep in the arms of death like one dropping off in
usual slumber
 Her arms, which had been twined about Harry’s neck, were
gently removed, and he was carried away in a swoon, while poor Lottie
sank down on the lifeless body, totally prostrated with her great
sorrow
”




CHAPTER IV



The description of the death-bed scene was given by Ingomar in a low,
tremulous voice, which showed that he was struggling hard to smother his
grief, while Queen Mary was seen to brush a tear from her cheek quickly,
as if she were trying to appear unmoved
 A long silence ensued, and the
maskers sat motionless and anxious to hear more of the story
 Why the
queen should be so deeply moved by the story was a mystery to many of
the listeners
 Who is she, anyway? was the question that many of the
maskers mentally asked themselves


“Please to proceed with your story,” said the queen, bowing to Ingomar


Bending low in acknowledgment of her courtesy, Ingomar proceeded as
follows:

“The county undertaker was sent for by some of our neighbors, and was
about to take charge of our dead mother’s remains, in order to give it a
pauper’s interment, and we never, perhaps, would have understood the
deep degradation, but when the plain, pine-board coffin was brought to
the house I saw Harry gaze at it for a moment; and such a strange look,
too, it was
 A deathly paleness overspread his face, as he directed the
man to carry the rough box away; and although he spoke low and gently,
there was a firmness in his tone that convinced the man that he had
better obey


“‘Come with me, Eddie’ he said, as he gently plucked at my sleeve
 ‘She
sha’n’t be buried in such a box as that
’

“I, of course, followed him to the nearest undertaker’s shop
 No words
passed between us as we walked side by side, but I noticed that he had
ceased to weep, and that there was an expression on his features
evincing indescribable suffering
 His face still retained its extreme
paleness, while his thin lips were firmly compressed


“‘My mother is dead, sir,’ said he to a middle-aged gentleman of
benevolent appearance, who met us at the door of the shop
 ‘I want her
remains put away in a nice rosewood case
 I want her buried in a nice
grassy lot in the north-east corner of the cemetery
 I have no money to
give you, sir, but we have some household furniture, some of which is
very valuable; there are some beds and bedclothing, a cow and calf; give
my dear mother’s remains a decent burial
 Take all we have, and let me
know what is lacking to compensate you, and I give you my word of honor
that you shall never be the loser thereby
’

“The kind-hearted gentleman fixed his gaze on Harry’s pale face, and
continued to stare at him for several seconds, as if he were trying to
pierce him through with the fierceness of the look; then, abruptly
turning on his heel, he went behind the counter, placed both elbows on
it, resting his cheeks on his hands, then commenced a renewal of the
strange gaze
 Harry never for a moment turned his eyes from the man’s
face
 At last the man rose up and struck the counter a heavy blow with
his fist, as if he were endeavoring to murder some enemy


“‘You’ll do
 I’ll take your word of honor; there’s no falsehood hidden
behind that face--your mother shall have the most cozy spot in the
cemetery, and the finest rosewood coffin in the house; there, now, go
home, and I’ll attend to everything
’

“Right well indeed did the generous man keep his word, for I don’t think
I ever saw a prettier burial case, and the grave was dug in a green
shady spot where the turf was very thick and fresh


“‘What shall we do now, Harry?’ said I


“‘Do as we promised our dying mother, of course
 You know she made us
promise to take Lottie to our uncle at Memphis; we must prepare to go at
once
 You stay here with Lottie, while I go to see Mr
 Fogg, the
undertaker, and arrange with him about the furniture
’

“He soon returned and informed me that the business had been settled,
and that Mr
 Fogg would take possession of the effects on the next day

We at once began to make arrangements for commencing our journey to
Memphis, as soon as Mr
 Fogg should take possession of the furniture

That gentleman kindly offered to let us keep the furniture, and allow us
to pay him the funeral expenses when fortune should be disposed to deal
more kindly with us
 But when Harry informed him that in pursuance of
his mother’s wishes we were going to Memphis, he agreed to take the
furniture, saying that it would amply suffice to pay the debt which we
owed him
 Accordingly, early the next morning the keys were delivered to
Mr
 Fogg, and we set out on the road toward Memphis
 We had not the most
remote idea as to the nature of the journey that lay before us
 We were
as ignorant regarding the distance as we were about the means necessary
to take us there
 We had often heard and read about Memphis as a young
and thriving city on the banks of the great river, and when I now look
back to that time, I can scarcely realize the extreme simplicity of our
minds, and the extravagant ideas we had as to our ability to accomplish
the journey
 We were too deeply plunged in sorrow to ever think of
making inquiries as to the distance or the best route to travel
 We
might have saved money enough by the sale of our effects to pay the
funeral expenses, and then had enough left to pay our fare on a boat to
Memphis
 But we considered nothing--thought of nothing but misery
 Kind
people there were plenty, who would have gladly aided or advised us, but
we sought no aid, nor did we speak of our intentions to any one
 The
greatest trouble that presented itself to our young and thoughtless
minds was the sad leave-taking of the poor but dear home where so many
happy days had been spent
 There was the little garden, with its neat
beds of new flowers that had flourished under the constant care bestowed
on them by Lottie; there were the jolly little birds, singing so sweetly
in the blooming apple-tree near the window; a thousand things of a
trifling sort, but dear to the memory, were now to be looked at for the
last time
 How could it be expected that under the circumstances we
should make the necessary preparations for such a journey? How could we
think of bread and meat, clothes or cash, when our poor hearts were
melting with the very bitterness of sorrow? The wonder is that we should
have started with anything at all
 We hastily packed a few extra
garments into a couple of sacks, snatched up a few articles of food, and
with eyes swimming in tears, bade adieu to our home forever
 Harry moved
on in front, Lottie and I following
 Not a word was spoken; no one bade
us good-by; no one consoled us in our desolation; and we neither asked
nor sought it
 As we passed through the streets, a strange look would
occasionally be cast on us by the pedestrians as we passed them
 We saw
but little, and were moving on in silence, when I perceived that Harry
had turned his course and was going toward the cemetery
 I knew his
object, and was pleased to know that we should once more be near our
dear mother
 We entered the city of the dead, approached the sacred spot
in silence, and fell upon the little mound of fresh earth that rose
above our mother, and moistened it with our tears
 Harry had brought a
little basket of fresh flowers which I had not noticed until I saw him
placing it on the grave
 Mr
 Fogg had promised to have a plain marble
slab erected with the proper inscription, to mark the spot where our
mother rested
 He complied with his promise
 But a beautiful monument
now rises high over the grave which we afterward had erected
 We
remained nearly an hour bathing the cold earth with our tears
 No words
were spoken, no passionate outbursts of grief were heard; but in solemn
silence we knelt side by side and paid the last tribute of love to the
memory of the dead one who slept below
 At length Harry turned away; I
took Lottie by the hand and followed him, and soon we were moving along
the road outside of the city limits
 We traveled about ten miles the
first day, and I was surprised to see that Lottie had not appeared to be
fatigued at all
 She had walked by my side all the time, her beautiful
eyes fixed on the ground, and I noticed ever and anon a fresh shower of
tears would fall from her eyes
 She was a heroine in the strongest sense
of the term--never complaining, unselfish, confiding, hopeful, and when
not thinking of her great loss, she always smiled sweetly when speaking
to Harry and me


“‘Are you tired, Lottie?’ inquired Harry after we had marched about five
miles from the city
 ‘If you are, we will stop and rest awhile
’

“With her usual smile lighting up her sweet face, she answered in the
negative, shaking her head till the golden curls danced about her
shoulders
 ‘Go on, brother, pray don’t mind me; I am not the least
tired
’

“As the sun began to disappear behind the steep hill that rose on the
west side of the road, and the shadows of the tall trees on the hill-top
were growing very long, we began to think of the manner in which we
should pass the night


“‘Shall we stop at a way-side inn?’ said Harry; ‘or shall we camp in the
woods?’

“‘We had better camp out,’ I replied; ‘because we will soon be out of
money if we undertake to secure lodging at a way-side inn
’

“This was the first time that the money question had been mentioned or
thought of by either of us
 Harry and I both instinctively commenced to
examine our pockets to see how much money we could command, and found
that the sum total, when put together, amounted to two dollars and
seventy-five cents


“‘I have got twenty-five cents,’ exclaimed Lottie, as she produced the
shining coin from her pocket, and handed it to Harry, looking as if she
thought it sufficient for all expenses


“Harry was unanimously chosen cashier, and the funds all handed over to
him, the grand total amounting to three dollars; and this little sum was
all we had to depend on for our subsistence
 Harry sighed as he held the
money in his hand, evidently beginning to reflect seriously now (when it
was too late) as to the folly of undertaking such a journey with so
small a sum of money
 This was perhaps the first time that either of us
had given a thought to the question of finance, and those who are
inclined to sneer at our ignorance must not lose sight of the fact that
we had a double excuse for it
 In the first place we were mere
children--I being then in my thirteenth year, Harry in his twelfth, and
Lottie not quite eleven
 Besides this, we had been so suddenly deprived
of both our parents that our great sorrow absorbed all our thoughts; but
now, when the situation began to be disclosed, it was too late to mend
the matter


“‘We will not stop in a house,’ observed Harry sadly
 ‘We can’t afford
to incur the expense
 We must economize in every way we can
’

“So it was agreed that we would depend on grass and leaves for a bed,
and the blue sky for our shelter
 As the sun finally disappeared we came
to a halt near a bubbling spring that gushed from a little bluff near
the edge of a thick patch of timber, depositing our little effects at
the root of a beech tree, whose branches were thickly covered with
leaves, which would protect us from the falling dew; and soon a blazing
fire shot its cheerful flames forth, as the blue smoke curled gracefully
up among the branches of the tree
 Our household and kitchen furniture
(if I may be permitted to use a facetious remark), including table-ware
and all, consisted of three little tin cups, three pure silver
tea-spoons, and one little tin coffee-pot; while our stock of provisions
consisted of one pound of pulverized coffee, four pounds of salt pork,
three pounds of raw ham, and six pounds of baker’s bread, one box of
matches, and one pound of brown sugar
 With her sleeves rolled up above
her elbows, her round white arms looking very pretty, a clean white
apron tied with a pink ribbon about her waist, Lottie was busy broiling
some slices of ham on the coals, while Harry was trying to make the
water in the coffee-pot boil
 As I sat on the turf leaning against the
tree, watching the operation with intense interest, my eyes followed
Lottie in all her movements; and I am not now ashamed to confess it--I
mentally asked myself, whose wife will she be when she becomes a grown
lady? ‘Mine, mine
’ The last words seemed to force themselves from my
lips in much louder tones than was intended, for Harry asked me whom I
was speaking to?

“‘Is the water boiling yet?’ I asked, by way of hiding my confusion


“‘I think it is,’ was the reply


“It is a true maxim that ‘necessity is the mother of invention,’ which
was practically demonstrated on that occasion by Lottie’s ingenuity in
arranging our supper table
 She went to the edge of a little brook near
by, selected a smooth, flat rock some fifteen inches square, washed it
very clean, and placed it on the turf; then she went back, selected
three other rocks of the same kind, only not so large; and, after she
had scrubbed them till they were very clean, she placed them on the
ground near the large rock; then with a little forked stick she lifted
the slices of ham, and placed them on what she was pleased to call a
table
 When the broiled ham had been placed on the table, she sliced the
bread and placed it by the ham, then arranging the three little tin cups
in a row on the table, she poured out the strong, black coffee


“‘Supper is ready now,’ she said with as much dignity as if she had been
inviting us to a costly banquet
 We accordingly gathered round the
table, seating ourselves on the grass and Lottie held a spoonful of
sugar toward me


“‘Have sugar in your coffee, Eddie?’ she said softly as I held my cup
toward her to receive it


“‘You are a capital cook, Lottie, and a real genius in the way of
inventive faculties,’ said I


“‘I am truly glad you are pleased with my cooking; but you know I have
had but little chance to show you what I can do
 I shall improve very
much too when I have a chance
’

“‘I dare say you will, and I mean to see that you shall have a fair
chance one of these days
’

“I can truly say that I enjoyed that meal as much as any one I ever ate

Notwithstanding its lack of variety, it was enough for me to know that
it was prepared by the one I loved so dearly
 Supper being over, I began
to erect an edifice to be used as a sleeping apartment by Lottie; and
having watched the display of inventive genius which she had exhibited
in procuring table furniture, I felt it to be my duty to exert all my
mechanical skill in the erection of a sleeping chamber for her
 I stuck
four little forked sticks in the ground, then laid several small
straight sticks across the top, and covered the building with branches
cut from the green trees
 I put them on so thick that it would have kept
out the rain
 Then I took a great number of the same kind of branches
and set them round the sides, leaving a little opening at the end next
to the fire; then I gathered up a large quantity of dry leaves and
spread them on the turf, in this quaint little house, took my coat,
spread it on the leaves, placed my little sack of clothes at the back
end for her pillow, and crossing my hands behind my back, inspected the
entire building, and was satisfied


“‘There it is, Lottie,’ said I
 ‘When you wish to retire your
bed-chamber is ready
’

“‘You are very kind, Eddie, and I thank you very much; but where will
you and Harry sleep?’

“‘O, never mind about that; we’ll make us a nice bed of leaves on the
other side of the fire
’

“‘You had better lie down, Lottie,’ said Harry
 ‘I dare say you are very
tired, and then, you know, we must go a long way to-morrow
’

“Lottie took a little Testament from her satchel, and read a chapter as
she stooped near the fire so as to get the benefit of the light,
replaced the book in the satchel, then went into her cozy little
bedroom
 Harry and I sat gazing silently at the fire, watching the
columns of smoke as they went winding up through the green leaves above
our heads
 A mocking-bird every now and then would make the night air
ring with a song, as he sat on the top of the tree
 The gentle murmur
of the little brook, as its sparkling waters went dancing among the
rocks, had a soothing effect on my mind
 No words were spoken by either
of us
 We were not asleep, but both were dreaming
 My body was still,
but my mind was at work
 The architectural skill of my mind was being
taxed to its utmost capacity
 The castle which I was preparing to build
was one of indescribable beauty and symmetry; the foundation had been
laid, materials for the edifice collected, and the magnificent structure
began to assume a finished appearance
 But, alas, just as I was rounding
off the beautiful dome and giving it a finishing touch, the whole
building came tumbling topsy-turvy down


“‘I’ll die first
’ Those words came gushing forth, and I was as much
startled by them as Harry was


“‘What are you talking about?’ said he


“‘Nothing,’ was the reply, for I was ashamed to have been caught
muttering to myself
 I had fallen into a habit of muttering to myself,
especially when my mind was very busy with some sort of castle building,
which was by no means seldom
 The materials out of which my castle had
been built were very good, and the workmanship not at all inferior, but
the main part of the foundation had been laid on sand, which proved to
be too weak or soft to support such a weight; hence the destruction of
one of the most beautiful castles ever built
 The materials used in the
building were composed of pure love
 The dome was made of sweet
prospects of a cottage in a shady grove near Memphis, with Lottie as my
wife
 The magnificent fluted columns that were to adorn the portico of
my castle were made of long years of true service, which I had vowed to
devote to Lottie’s happiness
 The polished cornice, that was to make
such a charming finish to the four fronts, was made of an imagination,
or golden dreams of a long and happy life to be spent with dear Lottie
as my wife
 But suppose she should fall in love with and marry some
other fellow
 This supposition was the sand that brought my castle down

As the castle came crumbling down, it was the fall that startled me, and
I exclaimed in my bitter anguish: ‘I’ll die first
’ If I had uttered the
entire sentence aloud, it would have read thus: ‘No other man shall ever
be Lottie’s husband
 No, never
 I’ll die first
’ Let it not be inferred
that I was at all disposed to abandon my occupation of castle building,
for I set about the work again with a more determined resolution to
finish the grand enterprise; but before I got it finished my eyelids
began to feel very heavy and I soon was compelled to lay aside my tools
for that time, and was directly sleeping soundly on my bed of leaves by
the side of my dear brother
 I imagine that I must have slept very
soundly during the night, for if I was at all disturbed by dreams, they
could not have been of an unpleasant kind, else I should have remembered
them when I awoke
 Only one dream came to interfere with my repose, and
that occurred after sunrise next morning
 I dreamed that Lottie and I
were on the banks of a beautiful little river, whose deep blue water
glided smoothly along, filled with innumerable tiny fishes, and that I
was holding my hook in the water to catch them
 Just as a beautiful
little trout began to nibble at my hook, and when I was expecting to
fasten him, a huge mosquito, with long, sharp bill, alighted on my nose
and began to partake of his breakfast
 I struck at the impudent
intruder, and hit Lottie’s hand, who was tickling my nose with a blade
of grass


“‘Get up, brother sluggard, breakfast is ready,’ said she, as she
pointed toward the smoking ham which she proceeded to place on the
table


“‘How did you rest last night, Lottie?’

“‘O, very well, indeed; thanks for the nice, comfortable bed you made
for me
’

“‘Did you not get cold during the night?’

“‘No, I don’t think I did, for I slept very soundly, and probably should
have been sleeping yet, but brother Harry called me at daylight to help
him get breakfast
 I feel so much refreshed that I shall be able to walk
a long way to-day
’

“We arranged ourselves round the table, and soon dispatched our
breakfast, and began to prepare for a renewal of our journey
 Harry and
I carried all the household and kitchen furniture in the two little
sacks which swung on our shoulders; while Lottie was not permitted to
carry anything but her little satchel
 The road we traveled on the
second day of our journey traversed a part of the country that was
thickly inhabited by thrifty farmers; rich green clover fields spread
out on our left, while large numbers of fat cattle were grazing on the
rich pasturage
 Many beautiful residences, with well-cultivated gardens
in front of them, appeared on each side of the road
 Happy children
frolicked on the green turf, honey bees sucked the sweet clover
blossoms, busily collecting their winter store of food
 Hundreds of
little birds made charming music among the green trees that lined the
roadside
 The scenery was altogether delightful, but we stopped not to
enjoy it, but moved steadily on, with minds bent on the accomplishment
of the task before us
 I marched as usual by Lottie, Harry moving
steadily in the lead
 I would occasionally drop behind, for no other
purpose than to watch Lottie’s pretty little feet as they rose and fell
with fairy-like tread, making such nice little tracks in the dust

Notwithstanding the many eventful years that have passed since then, I
remember well how I almost worshipped the dust that kissed her feet

Toward noon I noticed from her movements that she was becoming very
tired, but in answer to my questions on that subject, she tried to make
me believe differently
 I whispered to Harry, calling his attention to
the fact, and suggested that we had better stop to let her rest
 We
halted near a running stream, and selecting a cool shady spot, we threw
ourselves on the grass
 We had traveled about eight miles, and I began
to feel somewhat fatigued myself, and when I was comfortably stretched
on the ground I soon fell asleep
 We rested about three hours, eating a
cold snack of bread and ham, and then resumed our journey, moving
steadily on until the sun went down, when we halted, having marched
about fifteen miles in all that day
 And I was deeply pained to see that
Lottie began to limp with her left foot, which I learned was caused by a
painful blister which appeared on her instep
 I took my knife and cut a
little hole in the shoe, so that the blister would not be rubbed by the
leather, and the grateful look that she cast on me would have been
compensation for any amount of trouble
 A description of our second
encampment is unnecessary, as it was nearly similar to the first, the
only difference being the lack of cold spring water, which we of course
regretted; but we managed to make out with the water from a clear
running brook near by
 Having finished our frugal repast, I set about
preparing Lottie’s sleeping apartment, which I soon completed, pretty
much on the same plan as the one I had made for her the night before,
though I think I made a much better job of it this time
 We had finished
our preparations for the night, and were seated near the fire, when a
strange, hungry-looking dog came up, deliberately seating himself by
Lottie, and began to whine and lick her hand
 He would in all
probability have wagged his tail, but he had none; and it seemed that
his misfortunes had not stopped with the loss of his tail, for he had
only one eye and one and a half ears, the half of his left ear being
painfully missing
 Lottie was a little startled and perhaps frightened
at first, but when she saw how anxious the poor dog was to make friends
with her, she held out her hand and patted his back
 The mournful
expression of his countenance, and the dilapidated condition of his
body, at once enlisted her sympathies, and she gathered up all the
scraps of bread and meat and gave them to him, which he devoured
quickly, and like Oliver Twist, ‘wanted more
’ When Lottie went to bed
the poor tailless old dog laid himself down at her feet with dignity and
composure, doubtless thinking that he had found a friend at last
 I
watched the dignified movements of the strange animal with some degree
of interest
 He paid no attention to Harry and me, but appeared to
consider it his duty to guard Lottie
 It was a clear case to my mind of
love at first sight
 How could the poor dog help loving her? Birds, dogs
and men all loved her
 The fact is, it seemed that she was made to be
worshipped by men, animals and birds
 I suppose that with his one eye
the old dog could see her kind, beautiful face, and that he knew she was
good
 Judging from appearances, one might safely conclude that the dog
had been an inhabitant of the earth for a great number of years, and
that he could form a correct opinion as to the character of those whom
he chose to serve
 When we started on our journey next morning old Bob
(as we had named the dog--the name being suggested to our minds by his
lack of a tail) began to walk with strange dignity by the side of
Lottie
 He was the first dog I ever saw that couldn’t trot; but his
principal gait was a walk, though he could strike a gallop when
occasion required, and was often seen pacing
 Trouble began to crowd on
us the third day of our journey--our little stock of provisions was
exhausted
 Lottie, though she would not complain, was beginning to fail;
her feet were covered with blisters, and it was distressing to see her
struggling to conceal her sufferings
 She took off her shoes and
attempted to walk barefooted, but the road was covered with innumerable
flinty rocks, the sharp points lacerating her tender feet in a shocking
manner
 It made my heart ache to see the stones stained with the blood
from the wounds on her feet, and I told Harry that we would be forced to
stop, as it was cruel to keep her on the road in the condition that she
was
 I saw the tears trembling in his eyes when he examined his sister’s
feet
 We came to a little creek, and I took Lottie down to the water’s
edge and bathed her feet in the cold water, and wiped them with my
handkerchief
 I then procured some slippery-elm bark, and made a kind of
soft plaster of it and covered her feet with it, then bound cloth over
the salve, and was gratified to hear her say that the pain was greatly
relieved
 It was but a few moments after I had completed my doctoring
operations, when a farmer came along the road driving a team of four
horses; he invited us to get in his wagon, as he was going on our road
as much as ten miles
 This invitation was of course gladly accepted, and
we were soon seated in the wagon, moving on leisurely, but much faster
than we had been in the habit of traveling
 I enjoyed the ride more on
Lottie’s account than on any other, knowing as I did that it was giving
her a chance to rest
”

“There’s the gong sounding for supper,” cried Scottie; “let Lottie ride
in the wagon till we eat
”

The party rose and went down to the table





CHAPTER V



Queen Mary took Ingomar’s arm, and Ivanhoe offered his to Scottie, and
as they went toward the saloon, Scottie said to Ingomar, “Do pray tell
us what became of Lottie
 I am dying with curiosity to know whether you
married her or not
”

“You had better allow me to tell the story in my own way,” he replied
dryly


“I think so, too,” observed the queen
 “It would spoil the story to skip
from one part to another
 Let us re-assemble after supper and hear more
of it
”

“I think the queen has had something to do with the story,” whispered
Scottie to Ivanhoe
 “She has been constantly wiping the tears from her
eyes, and she always turned her face another way, endeavoring to conceal
her emotion; and I could see her hand tremble distinctly
”

“Very true; I noticed it, and I dare say that she knows more of the
story than she is willing to tell
 By the by, have you noticed those two
seedy-looking men who have been watching us all the time?”

“No; pray tell me about it
”

“I have a suspicion that they are detectives, looking for some one who
has committed some great crime
 I accidentally overheard a part of their
conversation this morning
 One of them pointed at one of our party and
said, ‘He is the man
’”

“Which one of our party did he point at?”

“Ingomar
”

“What further did you hear?”

“The other man replied that there was no doubt about it
”

“Are you sure they were speaking about Ingomar?”

“They pointed at him, and I therefore concluded that the conversation
referred to him
 I fear that our amusements will be broken up ere long
”

“I hope they will not interfere with Ingomar until he finishes his
story
”

“Yes, it would be vexatious to have it cut short by his arrest
 It may
be a false alarm, but something strange is going on
 The movements of
the queen have excited my curiosity more than anything else
 Look here;
those are the men I was telling you about
 See how they are eying
Ingomar
 Don’t let them see you looking at them
 I mean to try to
unravel the mystery
”

“I can’t think that Ingomar is a criminal; he speaks so kindly to every
one, and then he is so eloquent when telling his story
”

After supper the party re-assembled on deck, and after a few moments
spent in conversation, the queen ascended her throne (the large
arm-chair being used for that purpose), and commanded Ingomar to proceed
with his story
 In obedience to the queen’s command, he proceeded as
follows:

“It was near night when we reached the point where the farmer informed
us that we must get out of the wagon, as he was not going any farther on
our road
 There was an old, dilapidated, vacant house near the point
where we parted with the farmer, which would protect us from a
thunder-storm, that was then threatening to burst on us
 Lottie’s feet
were so much swollen and so badly lacerated that she was unable to walk
at all, and I lifted her from the wagon and carried her into the old
house
 I was grieved beyond measure to witness her sufferings; for, in
addition to the pain she was suffering on account of her wounded feet, I
noticed that she had some fever
 Our condition was by no means pleasant;
in fact, it was becoming serious
 Our provisions were exhausted, Lottie
about to fall ill, the weather prospects gloomy, only forty miles of our
journey completed, and only three dollars in our purse; the prospects
were of a nature to make my heart sink within me
 While I was making a
fire, Harry went to a farmhouse hard by to purchase provisions
 He
bought a chicken and a few pounds of bread from a widow lady for
twenty-five cents
 He also bought a little tea for Lottie
 It devolved
on Harry to prepare supper, which he commenced as soon as he had
returned with the provisions
 I was busily engaged in making a bed for
Lottie, working very fast, so as to get it finished, before the rain
should begin to fall
 The lady who resided at the farm-house permitted
me to take some dry straw from a pen near by, which I spread out on the
floor near the fire, placing my coat on the straw, and requested Lottie
to lie down and rest until we could make her some tea
 I took the
bandages from her feet, bathed them in cold water, then replaced the
bandages, and was greatly pleased to hear her say that she was much
better, and felt as if she could sleep very comfortably


“‘You must not go to sleep,’ said Harry, ‘before your tea is ready
 We
shall soon have some nice broiled chicken and good tea ready for you
’

“‘I shall try to keep awake, but my eyelids begin to feel very heavy, I
assure you
’

“It did not take Harry many minutes to cook supper, and it made me very
happy to notice that Lottie partook of it with a good relish


“‘Well,’ said she, ‘brother Harry, you must permit me to thank you for
making such good tea
 I am going to sleep now, and I bid you and Eddie
good-night;’ and it was but a short time till she was sound asleep


“Dark, angry-looking clouds began to collect overhead; the ominous
sounds of distant thunder gave warning of the approaching storm; heavy
drops of rain began to rattle on the dry boards on the house-top,
increasing rapidly until it fell in torrents
 The wind dashed with great
force against the tottering walls, and whistled mournfully among the
trees, while Harry and I sat gazing vacantly into the fire, our minds
busy, as usual, castle building
 Old Bob had managed to make a pretty
fair supper off the bones of the chicken and such other scraps as he
could find, and was licking his nose with apparent satisfaction, as he
coiled himself down by Lottie’s feet
 It was after midnight; the rain
continued to fall steadily, the wind blew more violently, the fire had
ceased to blaze, and darkness pervaded the room
 Harry had been asleep
several hours, and I was dozing near the hearth, when I was startled by
a loud, shrill scream, uttered by Lottie
 In an instant Harry and I were
by her side
 Scream followed scream, while old Bob was leaping and
jumping about the room in every direction
 Such confusion as appeared
was beyond my comprehension
 A most singular noise rang through the
darkness--slap, slap, crack, crack, and old Bob seemed to be in a deadly
struggle with something
 What it was we knew not
 Lottie kept on
screaming, and I knew that something awful had happened, because she was
no coward
 On the contrary, she was a real heroine


“‘For Heaven’s sake make a light,’ said I to Harry, as I took Lottie in
my arms
 He obeyed me at once, and it was but a few minutes till the
fire began to blaze so as to light up the room, though it seemed to me
it was a very long time


“‘What in Heaven’s name has happened?’ cried Harry, while he was
throwing fuel on the fire, and trying to make it blaze


“I made no answer, of course, for I was busy with Lottie, and knew as
little of the cause of the confusion as he did
 I was endeavoring to
compose Lottie, who was trembling like one with an ague fit
 Every now
and then I felt some strange substance slap against my legs, while Bob
threw himself first one way, then another, struggling as if he was
fighting for life


“‘What is it, darling?’ said I
 ‘Tell me what has happened?’

“No answer, but I felt her head drop heavily on my shoulder as the
weight of her body came against my breast, and I knew she had either
fainted or was dead


“‘Be quick, Harry, she is dead
 do pray make a light
’

“It is a well-known fact that when one gets in a very great hurry to
accomplish anything the anxiety to do it quickly very often prevents him
from doing it at all, or operates greatly to delay its accomplishment
 I
was conjecturing a thousand kinds of awful things that had happened,
and, as usual in such cases, never hit near the real one
 The first
thing that suggested itself to my mind was that some savage wild animal
had come into the room, and had frightened Lottie
 There were at that
time many bears, and some few panthers, and large numbers of wolves,
existing in that part of the State, and I thought one of those animals
had ventured in the house
 I heard the continuous snapping of teeth, and
the strangest sounds--not like anything I had ever heard before
 I spoke
sharply to Harry, and accused him of a want of feeling for his sister,
for which I was very sorry as soon as the words had passed my lips; he
was so frightened that he hardly knew what he was doing
 At last the
fire blazed up, casting a bright light over the floor, when I was almost
paralyzed with horror at the spectacle before me
 One large rattlesnake
lay dead at my feet, while old Bob was shaking the life out of another
of equal size
 It was the noise made by the rattles on the tails of the
snakes that had sounded so strangely
 I had never seen a rattlesnake
until that moment, and therefore did not know what was making such a
singular noise
 Lottie lay in my arms as pale as death, and I saw that
she had been bitten on the wrist by one of the snakes
 There were two
small holes made through the skin, and two little drops of blood had
come out through the wounds
 The flesh had already begun to turn a
yellowish color
 The poisonous fangs had been driven deep into the flesh
and the deadly venom was beginning to take effect
 I suppose the snakes
had come up through the crack in the floor, and had perhaps coiled
themselves in the straw near Lottie; and that, in her restless slumbers,
she had struck the serpent with her arm, and thus provoked it to strike,
because the rattlesnake never bites unless provoked in some way
 I have
heard it said, too, that they always go in pairs, and I had also heard
experienced persons say that the safest remedy for snake bites was to
cut out the flesh in which the fangs had struck, and then for some one
to suck the wound with the lips so as to extract the poison as soon as
possible
 Fortunately I happened to have in my pocket a knife with a
very sharp blade
 Without a moment’s reflection or hesitation I seized
the flesh of the wrist between my finger and thumb and cut out a piece
large enough to include the entire wounds made by the poisonous fangs of
the serpent, then placed my lips over the wound and began to suck with
all my strength
 The wound bled freely, and I continued to suck it for
over an hour
 Lottie had immediately regained consciousness after the
cutting of her wrist, and held her wound to my mouth, while the grateful
glance which she cast on me was ample compensation for the risk I was
taking
 We could not then tell whether she was suffering much or not,
for one of her peculiar traits was never to complain of anything; but
she declared in most positive terms that the only pain she experienced
was the slight suffering caused by the wound I had made with my knife on
her wrist
 After sucking the wound for an hour, I began to feel deathly
sick--a strange dizziness seized upon me--the house appeared to be
turning round with great rapidity, and a blindness fixed itself on my
eyes; I gasped for breath, and felt as if I was being smothered
 My
blood seemed to be boiling hot in my veins; I sank insensible on the
floor; and when I regained consciousness I was on a clean nice bed, in a
cozy little room, with Lottie’s golden curls dangling about my face, for
she was kissing me when I came to my senses, and my face was moist with
the tears that had fallen from her dear eyes


“‘Where am I? What has happened?’ were the questions I put to her


“‘Hush, Eddie dear, you must not talk; you have been dangerously ill;
and oh
 how I hate myself for being the cause of your illness
 Why did
you not let me suffer from the poison, instead of trying to kill
yourself?’

“Then a dim recollection of what had happened began to come to me
 ‘How
long have I been ill?’

“‘Five days, and oh
 such long, miserable days were they, too
 We
thought you were going to die, and that made us so very unhappy; but
when the doctor left here this morning he said that all danger was over;
and then I knew that God had answered my prayers; because I have prayed
constantly and fervently to Him, asking Him not to let you die
 If you
had died, I should have looked upon myself as your murderer
 I never
should have seen another happy day
 There now, don’t talk
’ And she
placed her hand on my mouth just as I was going to ask more questions


“I noticed that she had her hand in a sling, and was about to question
her about it when she covered my mouth with her hand
 I afterward
ascertained that she had not been entirely relieved from pain, that her
wrist and arm had been very much swollen, and had caused intense
suffering, but that she had watched by my bedside day and night, never
sleeping any, except such short naps as she could take by leaning her
head on the edge of my bed
 If I had loved her before this, and I assert
that I did, what do you imagine my feelings toward her were then? It
would require a more expressive term to describe them than I am able to
command


“‘Tell me, Lottie, all that has happened; it appears like a dream
’

“‘I will, if you promise to lie still, and keep quiet
’

“I made the promise reluctantly


“‘When you fell insensible on the floor, from the effects of the poison
which you had sucked from my wrist, I began to scream so loud that Mrs

Holly heard it, and she and her son came to see what the matter was
 I
thought that you were dead, and I, of course, couldn’t help screaming

We had you brought to this house, and Harry went after Dr
 Dodson, who
lives five miles away
 When he came he made you drunk with strong
brandy, then gave you an emetic, then made you drunk again, then gave
you another emetic
 He kept on repeating this treatment until he thought
all the poison had been thrown off
 Then he bled you until you fainted;
then he gave you more brandy, mixed with opiates, and you slept a long
time; but you kept talking all the time in your sleep about me and the
snakes
 The good doctor remained with you all that day, and all the next
night; then he went away, telling us that all danger was past, and that
you would be sure to get well, which of course made us very happy,
because we had all been so frightened when we thought you were going to
die
 Doctor Dodson said that there was a slight cut or wound on your
lip, and that when sucking my wrist the poison managed to make its way
through that little wound and got into your blood, thereby causing all
the trouble
 There would have been no danger, he said, but for the wound
on your lip
 He said you were the greatest little hero he had ever heard
of; those were his very words, because he said that I would have died in
ten minutes from the poison if you had not sucked it out of my veins

Harry, poor fellow, has been working all the time in the field to pay
Mrs
 Holly for our board, and when we get done paying her, and you get
well, we are going to go over to Doctor Dodson’s and work for him, to
pay him for saving your dear life; and when we have finished paying the
doctor, we will then start on our journey to Memphis
 There, now, I have
told you everything; take this beautiful bouquet in your hand, and lie
perfectly quiet, while I go and make your soup
’

“My eyes followed the lovely form till she disappeared through the door

Then I began to count the minutes by the stroke of the old clock on the
mantel, and the wheels of time seemed to stop while she was away from
me
 She returned at last


“‘Here is a nice bowl of soup, and you must drink it, for you have eaten
scarcely anything since you have been ill
’

“I had no appetite at all, but I drank the soup to please her; and I
dare say it did me much good, for I was very weak


“On the morning of the eighth day of my illness I was able to leave my
bed, and, with Lottie’s assistance, could walk across the room
 Then the
next morning she took me into the flower garden, while I leaned on her
shoulder for support
 I was very much gratified to see that all the
wounds on Lottie’s feet had disappeared, and that she could wear her
shoes again without pain; and I determined to invent some plan to
protect her feet when we should again begin our journey
 I procured some
strong cloth and made a pair of shoes, sewing leather soles on the
bottom, so as to prevent the stones from cutting her feet
 The cloth
uppers would keep her feet from blistering, while the thick leather
soles would protect them from the gravel
 She watched me intently while
the work progressed, and when it was finished she expressed great wonder
at my skill
 The truth is, it was a very clumsy job, and the shoes were
ugly, but they answered the purpose for which they were intended, for
she never was troubled any more with blisters or sore feet
 We had been
at Mrs
 Holly’s two weeks, when I entirely recovered; then we went to
work for Doctor Dodson, to pay his bill
 He was very kind to us; his
bill was moderate; in fact, he was willing to let us go without paying
anything, but Harry would not hear to it
 He vowed he never would leave
until the last cent was paid
 I always thought he had very strange views
on such subjects
 He was too sensitive, I imagined, because he abhorred
the idea of accepting anything like charity
 I do believe he would have
starved rather than to eat bread for which he was unable to pay
 We
remained with the doctor ten days, during which time Harry and I plowed
a large field of corn, and cleaned out all the grass
 Lottie insisted on
being permitted to help us, but Harry would not allow it; therefore she
went to work in the garden, and I mean what I say, when I assert that it
is my candid opinion that garden never before had been in such a
splendid fix
 She destroyed every weed and blade of grass--cultivated
the vegetables, trimmed the shrubbery, transplanted the flowers; in
fact, she made an Eden out of a wilderness
 When the work was finished
the kind-hearted old doctor was profuse in his praise


“‘I declare,’ said he, as he gently stroked Lottie’s hair, ‘I have been
amply rewarded for my attendance on your brother, by your services, to
say nothing of the valuable work done on my farm by Harry and Edward
 I
wish all my patients would pay me as well as I have been paid in this
instance; if they did, I should soon grow very rich
 I will not allow
you to work another lick, and when you wish to start on your journey,
you shall have as much provisions as your two brothers can carry
’

“The morning after this conversation we parted from our kind host, and
set out on our journey toward Memphis, loaded down with nicely cooked
provisions





CHAPTER VI



“It was on a Friday morning that we parted from Doctor Dodson; the
weather was getting to be uncomfortably warm, and we were compelled to
travel very slowly, lest Lottie should be prostrated by the heat
 Ten
miles a day was the average distance which we marched
 We usually
started at sunrise, walked five miles, then rested in the shade until
four o’clock, and marched the other five miles by dark
 As we had
determined not to travel on the Sabbath, we began early in the day on
Saturday to look for a cool, shady spot where we might rest comfortably
until Monday morning
 Shade and pure water were two articles that must
be found adjacent to each other, before we could expect to pass the time
pleasantly
 We, however, had the good luck to come to a spring where
many large trees stood, all overgrown with grape-vines, making a
covering not only sufficient to keep off the hot rays of the sun, but a
shelter that would have protected us from a heavy shower of rain
 It
proved to be an unfortunate spot for us, as an occurrence happened there
that gave us a great deal of trouble
 The place where we halted was only
one mile from the county-site, and it was from this village that the
source of our troubles came
 It was Sunday evening; we had finished our
humble supper, and were all engaged in singing an old favorite song
 I
suppose that it was our singing that attracted the attention of some
rude boys from the village
 There were three boys in the gang that came
up to where we were seated; the leader, a lad whom I supposed to be
about fifteen years of age, whose features exhibited unmistakable signs
of dissipation and brutality; the other two were much younger and
appeared more genteel
 The leader, whose name I afterward learned was
Benjamin Bowles, in a domineering tone said:

“‘Is this a singing-school, or a Gipsy camp?’

“‘Neither, sir,’ Harry replied


“‘Is it a Sunday-school, or a camp-meeting then?’

“‘No, sir, it is neither a Sunday-school nor a camp-meeting
’

“‘Then what in the deuce is it?’

“‘It is no business of yours, sir, and we would be much obliged if you
would let us alone
’

“‘Oh, would you, now? See here, little sweetheart, I’ll give you a
dollar for one of those pretty curls
’ And he reached out his hand to
take hold of Lottie’s hair
 She blushed and moved to Harry’s side
 I
felt the blood in my veins begin to boil, and the demon to rise within
my heart


“‘You had better go away and leave us alone,’ said Harry, as he made a
movement toward the boy


“‘Now, do you really think so?’ said he sneeringly
 ‘What a polite nice
boy you are
’

“I thought Harry was going to strike him, but Lottie laid her hand on
his shoulder


“‘Don’t have any difficulty with him, brother, he will go away
directly,’ she said softly


“‘Now that’s a daisy, my little queen,’ he said; ‘let us be social
’

“The other two boys seemed to be disgusted with the rude conduct of
their comrade, and began to persuade him to go with them back to the
village; and when he peremptorily refused, they went away and left him


“‘Let us drink and be friends,’ said he, as he drew a flask of brandy
from his pocket and presented it to Harry, who of course refused; then
offering it to me--‘You’ll drink with me I know, won’t you, old boy?’

“‘No
’

“‘Well, indeed, I must say that I never met such uncivil fellows in my
life
 If you won’t drink, suppose we have a dance
’ Then he began to
caper about like a madman
 ‘If you won’t drink nor dance, suppose we
have a boxing match
’ Then he threw himself in an attitude supposed to
be that of an experienced pugilist


“‘Give me a drink of water then,’ he said, ‘and I will leave you
’

“I went immediately to the spring to fetch him some water in order to
get rid of him
 The spring was over a hundred yards from our camp
 I had
arrived at the spring and had stooped to dip up the water, when I heard
Lottie calling me


“‘Come quick, Eddie,’ she screamed, ‘he is killing Harry
’

“I got there as soon as I could
 The boy was gone, and the blood was
streaming over Harry’s face from a wound on his head
 The boy had
evidently sent me off after water on purpose to have a chance to abuse
Harry; because as soon as I was gone he seized Lottie by the wrist and
attempted to kiss her, when Harry struck him on the head with a small
stick; then he threw Harry down (being much larger and stronger than he
was), and began to beat him, when old Bob seized Bowles by the leg,
tearing the flesh to the bone
 Then the boy quickly released Harry and
scampered off, vowing that he would have revenge
 Harry was not
seriously hurt, and very soon we were all asleep
 We had scarcely
finished breakfast next morning when the town marshal came out and
arrested all of us, saying that Bowles had caused a warrant to be issued
against Harry for an assault and battery committed on him
 We were
required to go with the marshal to the mayor’s office, where we were
ordered to wait until that individual should finish his morning nap
 We
had been there about two hours when his honor came bustling in
 Falstaff
would have appeared lean by the side of this moving mountain of fat
 He
was the largest man I ever saw; the greasy rolls of flesh under his chin
lay in waves on his breast; his jaws bulged out like the jaws of a fat
hog, and a couple of teeth in the corners of his mouth stuck out over
his lips like the tusks of a wild boar
 Two little bunches of hair on
the sides of his head were all he had; the red skin on top of his head
was sleek, and glistened like polished metal


“‘What have you got for me this morning, Mr
 Marshal?’ he inquired as
he seated himself by a table and began to adjust his spectacles on his
large nose


“‘We have two cases for trial this morning, sir,’ said a foppish young
man
 ‘One criminal case and one civil suit
’

“‘Ah, good
 We’ll try the civil suit first
’

“The plaintiff in the civil suit was a pale-faced, poorly-dressed woman,
with a forlorn, forsaken, half-starved appearance, who sat on a bench
with a sickly-looking infant in her arms
 When she stood up to be sworn
as a witness she was compelled to lean on the table to keep from
falling


“‘What is your complaint, madame, against Judge Bosh?’ demanded the
mayor gruffly, as he stared savagely at the poor woman
 In a low,
tremulous tone she stated her case:

“‘I contracted with Judge Bosh to work for him three months, for six
dollars per month; I worked for him for two months and three-quarters,
then fell ill, so that I was unable to work any more
 He refused to pay
me because I was unable to work the other quarter of a month
 As soon as
I got able to walk I went back and offered to work out my contract, but
he said that it was too late--that he had made other arrangements
 We
are out of provisions at home, sir, and I hope you will make the judge
pay me for the work I have done for him
’

“‘No doubt you do, no doubt you do,’ growled the fountain of justice, as
he told the plaintiff to stand aside
 ‘What has the defendant got to
say?’ and he smiled blandly on Judge Bosh as that distinguished
individual stepped forward and laid his hand on the Bible
 ‘It is
unnecessary to swear you; please make your statement
’

“‘That woman contracted to serve me three months
 She failed to comply
with her contract
 As to her reasons, I know nothing about them, neither
do I wish to know
 A contract is a contract, and it binds both parties

She violated it, and I demand judgment
’

“‘Certainly, certainly, judge; most assuredly you are clearly entitled
to it
 Judgment against plaintiff for cost,’ he muttered as he wrote
down the entry on his docket


“The poor woman staggered out of the room, and fell fainting on the
pavement


“‘What’s next, Mr
 Marshal?’

“‘A charge of assault and battery against Harry Wallingford
’

“‘Is that the little scamp who tried to murder our esteemed young
friend, Bowles? He looks like a first-class rascal
 I’ll teach him a
lesson that he’ll not forget soon
 O, Lord, how wicked this world is
getting to be
’ And he attempted to sigh, but it was a savage growl


“Bowles was sworn as a witness; he took the stand, and commenced
uttering falsehoods from the start; I was almost struck dumb with
astonishment at his total disregard of the solemn oath he had made to
tell the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth
 He wore a
bandage on his head, and pretended to be suffering intense pain from the
wound on it, while he had his leg in a sling
 He stated that he ‘had
been attracted to the camp by the singing, and that as soon as he
arrived there he was insulted and abused in a most rude and vulgar
manner by the two boys, the girl joining in with them
 He said that
while his back was turned toward the defendant he was knocked down with
a club, and the savage dog set on him, lacerating the flesh of his leg;
that as soon as he was able to regain his feet he had made his way home,
completely prostrated from loss of blood
’

“‘Shocking, shocking
’ growled the mayor savagely, as he began to open
and shut his mouth rapidly
 ‘I wish I had the power to send all of them
to the Penitentiary; they are traveling thieves, no doubt
’

“‘We are no thieves, sir,’ exclaimed Harry, springing to his feet; ‘the
insinuation is false
’

“‘Silence, sir
 How dare you insult this honorable court? I guess I’ll
put you where you won’t have a chance to murder anybody soon
 Any other
witnesses, Mr
 Bowles?’

“‘No, sir,’ said Bowles meekly, ‘that’s all
’

“‘Have you any witnesses, sir?’ he said to Harry


“‘My sister was present, sir, and knows all about it
’

“‘Of course, of course, she was present; and I suppose you expect me to
believe what she has to say, ha?’

“‘She will tell you the truth, sir, and nothing but the truth, and I
hope no insinuation will be made to the contrary
’

“‘Ah, no doubt; come here, gal, and be sworn; and be sure you confine
yourself to the facts
 What are you shaking that way for? Nobody wants
to eat you
 Put your hand on this Bible
’

“Lottie was very much frightened, and was trembling like an aspen leaf

Tears were streaming down her cheeks and I stepped to her side to
re-assure her


“‘Take your seat, sir, and let her tell her own story,’ said the mayor,
as he thrust his huge finger at my nose


“I obeyed reluctantly, and Lottie began to tell her version of the
matter
 A large crowd of spectators had come in to witness the
proceedings, and I perceived that the eloquent manner in which she was
delivering her evidence was winning the sympathies of the crowd
 I saw
several of the spectators wiping tears from their eyes while she was
describing the death of her mother, and telling how she and her brothers
were trying to get to their uncle at Memphis
 Her extreme beauty and
modesty, the sweet melody of her voice, and the simplicity of her
pleading, to some extent softened the marble heart of the mayor
 She
began to regain her self-possession as the story of her sufferings came
from her lips
 The brutal old official leaned back in his chair, with
his mouth wide open, gazing with wonder at the angelic creature before
him
 Lottie seemed to have lost sight of the case before the court; but
she began to plead for her brother with such persuasive eloquence that
every man in the house was moved to tears
 She gave a graphic
description of her adventure with the rattlesnakes; showed her wounded
wrist to the court, which had been nearly healed up when it was badly
hurt again by the violence of Benjamin Bowles, who had insulted her and
hurt her wounded arm at the same time


“‘Cowardly villain was he, to insult my darling little flower queen
’
exclaimed Doctor Dodson, as he hurriedly caught Lottie in his arms and
pressed a kiss on her brow
 ‘Where is the cowardly wretch who has dared
to insult this poor orphan child? Let me see his face
 I’ll venture the
assertion that it is more like a beast’s than a man’s face
’

“Bowles limped out of the room, being careful to keep behind the crowd
as he passed out, looking as if he had important business that required
his immediate attention at some other place


"Bowles limped out of the room, being careful to keep behind the crowd
as he passed out, looking as if he had important business that required
his immediate attention at some other place
 ‘Why, my dear doctor,
how do you come on? I declare I’m delighted to see you
’ exclaimed the
mayor, seizing the doctor’s hand and making an obsequious bow
 ‘I am
glad to see that you know this little lady; I dare say you will be able
to throw some light on the matter now before the court
’

“‘I should say I did know that darling little orphan child
 I know she
is the sweetest little lady in the land; and who dares to say otherwise?
Yes, and I know those two boys there (pointing to Harry and me); any one
who has aught to say against them let him say it now in my presence
’

“The good old doctor was very much excited as he continued to defend our
side of the case
 Having exhausted himself, he dropped into a chair, and
began to wipe the large drops of perspiration from his brow; and, as he
blew his nose, he gave a snort that startled every man in the room


“The mayor seemed to be at a loss how to proceed; for he was afraid to
offend Doctor Dodson, who had been his family physician for many years;
besides this, he was largely indebted to the doctor; and it was not
exactly convenient for him to pay the debt just then
 On the other hand,
Benjamin Bowles was the son of a merchant to whom he was owing a very
considerable sum, and he was anxious to decide the case so as not to
offend him
 The idea of deciding the case according to the rules of law
and justice from the evidence never for a moment came into his mind


“‘My dear doctor,’ said the mayor, as he scrambled up from his seat,
‘let me consult with you a moment privately
’

“The doctor followed him into a private room, when the mayor said:
‘Doctor, what do you know about those three children?’

“‘I know enough to convince me that the boys are heroes, and that the
girl is a lovely little heroine
 I know that they are friendless
orphans, which should entitle them to the sympathies of all good men
 I
know that any one who would oppress or wrong them ought to go to the ----’

“‘Yes, yes, I know, doctor; I’ll discharge them at once
’

“‘You should never have molested them at first
 What business had that
Bowles boy at their camp, I should like to know? You knew that he was
the meanest, most unprincipled boy in this county, and I am surprised
that you should so far have forgotten yourself as to have those poor
helpless children dragged into court as if they were thieves
 Now
that’s what I think of the whole business
 You go in there and discharge
those children immediately, else we are enemies for life
’

“‘Oh, my dear doctor, I beseech you, don’t for a moment imagine that I
would oppress the orphans, or deal harshly with the helpless
 I was
going to discharge them anyway
 I was merely investigating the case for
form’s sake
 You know one has to appear stern and unbending sometimes,
while his heart is melting with pity
’

“‘Yes, I know how it is
 I have long been acquainted with the secret
goodness of your heart; I wonder how you could keep it smothered so
well
’

“‘Ah
 doc, one in my position has much to contend with
 It’s a difficult
thing to hold the scales of justice so as to be impartial
 I am not fit
to be in office--my heart is too tender; I can’t keep from sympathizing
with the weak and helpless, even when they have violated the law
 I
think I shall resign
’

“‘I would if I were you; your heart is too tender for the place; but let
us go in and have the children discharged
’

“The mayor resumed his seat, adjusted his spectacles, and deliberately
surveyed the crowd


“My young friend Wallingford, we have had some difficulty in arriving at
a correct conclusion respecting our duty in this case
 We have patiently
listened to the evidence, pro and con, and find in many respects a great
conflict; that is to say, somewhat of a contradiction between the
statements made by Mr
 Bowles and the evidence given by Miss
Wallingford
 But I am pleased to be able to say that it is the opinion
of the court that no willful perjury has been committed in this case;
but the apparent conflict grew out of the confusion caused by the
interference of that savage old dog in the little unpleasantness
 The
court very much regrets that it has no power to imprison dogs, or to
impose fines upon them
 This is more especially to be regretted in this
case, as it is the opinion of the court that the dog is the only MAN to
blame in the matter
 That being true, and as there is no lawful
authority given me to punish the dog as he deserves, I am consequently
compelled to dismiss Master Wallingford from custody and tax the
corporation with the cost
 I would admonish my young friend to endeavor
to teach his dog better manners in future, lest he might involve his
master in some serious trouble
 Adjourn court, Mr
 Marshal; and don’t
fail to collect the cost in the case of Mrs
 Bonds against Judge Bosh
’

“Now let the curtain fall, for the farce is finished
 It was a lucky
thing for us that Doctor Dodson came to town that day, for Harry would
have been sent to prison but for his timely arrival
 Lottie threw her
arms round the old gentleman’s neck and kissed him fervently, and I saw
the tears trembling in his eyes as he pressed her to his heart


“‘Heaven bless you, my child
’ said he
 ‘I had a daughter about your
age, but she is dead
 Poor thing, she was very much like you; and should
you ever need a home, come to me and you’ll find one
’

“‘I thank you so very much--much more than words can express, and I hope
God will reward you
’

“‘There, there, child, hush, or you’ll make a fool of me
’ and he left
the room with the brim of his hat pulled down over his eyes to hide his
tears


“Once more we were permitted to renew our march on the road to Memphis;
and during the next three days nothing occurred worthy of mention
 We
were happy because Lottie kept up so well--she was so cheerful, and
never complained; the cloth shoes I had made for her proved a great
success; no more blisters appeared on her feet; the weather, though
quite warm during the day, was pleasant mornings and evenings, while the
nights were delightful
 We continued our gipsy plan of camping out
nights, and traveled leisurely during the day, so as not to fatigue
Lottie


“But as I hear the music in the saloon, which is the signal for the
dance to commence, I shall break off the thread here, and promise to
take it up again when her Majesty shall be pleased to command me
”

“I had rather listen to the story than to dance,” said Scottie


“So would I,” said the queen


But just then the band struck up a lively air, and the temptation of the
dance proved irresistible, for the majority of the maskers hastened to
the cabin, and the others had nothing to do but to follow





CHAPTER VII



IT required no summons to be issued by the queen next morning in order
to assemble her followers
 They were on deck immediately after
breakfast, long before the queen made her appearance, anxiously waiting
to hear more of the tale
 Therefore, when her Majesty made her
appearance, Ingomar was at once requested to proceed, which he did
without preliminaries


“Incidents apparently trifling oftentimes shape our destiny
 But in
making this statement I do not mean to convey the impression that I am
about to describe a trifling incident, but the insignificant
circumstances which caused the incident are what I refer to
 Had it not
been for an old bob-tailed, one-eyed, stray dog that happened to take a
fancy to Lottie, and concluded to cast his destiny with her, there would
have been no use telling this story
 Old Bob was fond of chasing
rabbits
 One day he started one; the rabbit ran for life; Bob ran for
the rabbit
 The rabbit ran in a certain direction; Bob ran in the same
direction; he followed the rabbit, and we followed him; while doing so
we came to a gravel pit, which gravel pit I am sure we never would have
seen had Bob not started the rabbit; but as he did start it, thereby
causing us to go to the gravel pit, I shall proceed to tell what
followed
 A large number of men were shoveling the gravel onto flat
cars, to be hauled on the line of the railroad for ballasting the track

The rabbit took refuge in a hollow tree near where the men were at work;
they came and cut the tree down and caught the rabbit
 We sat down near
the gravel pit to rest; the foreman invited us to ride on the gravel
train to the next station, which was directly on our road
 We were
delighted at the prospect of a ten-mile ride on the cars, and what made
it most desirable was the fact that it would put us ten miles nearer
Memphis in a few minutes, whereas it would be a good day’s walk if we
had to foot it
 We thanked the foreman heartily and accepted his kind
offer


“‘Hurry up, my men,’ said the foreman, as he looked at his watch,
‘throw in lively; we have no time to spare, for we must get to the
station before the passenger train
’

“The men threw the gravel on the cars with great rapidity, and very soon
the flats were loaded and the train began to move
 Lottie and I took
seats on the car next to the engine, while Harry went forward to ride on
the pilot


“‘My little man,’ said the engineer to Harry, ‘it is very dangerous to
ride on the pilot
 You had better not attempt it, as we are compelled to
run very rapidly so as to reach the station before the passenger train
’

“I was astonished to see that Harry paid no attention to the warning; it
was so different from his usual way of doing things
 It was I who had
been considered reckless, while Harry was looked upon as the embodiment
of prudence and wisdom
 Lottie called to her brother, begging him to
come back and ride with her; but he sat immovable and silent, without
turning his head to notice her
 Harry afterward informed me that a
strange, unaccountable desire to ride on the pilot of the engine seized
upon him, and he could not resist it


“‘It may be imagination, merely,’ said he, ‘but I thought something
whispered to my mind, positively directing me to ride there
 I had the
inclination to heed the warning of the engineer, but a most mysterious
influence seemed to rivet me down to the spot, so I could not move
 I
have heard that notice of approaching events was often conveyed to the
human mind through the medium of dreams, but in my case the notice came
while I was wide awake, and in a manner to me incomprehensible and most
mysterious
 Call it superstition if you will; call it nonsense if you
choose; I care not; I state facts, and you may draw your own
conclusions
’

“I did not argue the question with him, for I perceived that he was
deeply in earnest, and his manner was so serious that I thought best to
say nothing against his strange theory


“‘Let her run, Dan,’ said the conductor to the engineer, as he held his
watch in his hand; ‘only ten minutes till number four is due at the
station, and eight miles to run
’

“The engineer, who had a frank, open countenance and keen, intelligent
eyes and iron-gray hair, seized the lever and gave a backward pull, and
the engine dashed forward like a ball discharged from a siege gun

Fences, trees and houses all seemed to be flying; the wind whistled
about Harry’s face, and played with his dark-brown hair as it floated
straight out behind his head
 He held his hat in his hand, while his
face was all aglow with excitement


“‘You had better order that boy away from the pilot,’ said the engineer
to the conductor, as he opened the throttle to let on more steam; ‘he
might get hurt where he is; we are taking great risk anyway; the track,
you know, is very crooked from here to the station; if a cow, or hog, or
anything should be on the track, he would be killed
’

“‘You had better not ride there, my little man,’ said the conductor, ‘it
is very dangerous
’

“Harry sat immovable, as if he had been fastened there with bolts of
steel, while the train flew onward at the extraordinary speed of a mile
per minute
 It is very probable that Harry did not hear the warning
given by the conductor, as the noise made by the engine as it thundered
on may have prevented it
 At all events, he did not move; he was rapidly
approaching his destiny; whether that destiny was for weal or woe will
be a matter for after consideration
 Harry always contended that it was
a supernatural influence that compelled him to take his seat on the
pilot of that particular engine at that particular time
 He said that
the influence, or whatever it was, came upon him with such unmistakable
distinctness that he would have resisted any attempt to force him away

The more I ridiculed the idea, the more firmly did he stick to it


“‘It was Providence,’ said he, ‘that is certain
’

“‘I wonder if Providence made old Bob start the rabbit, merely to guide
us to the gravel pit?’ said I


“‘No doubt of it,’ was his reply


“‘I didn’t know before now that you were so full of superstition
’

“‘If it is superstition to believe that Providence prompted me to ride
on the engine that day, then I am overflowed with it
’

“The brave old engineer stood with his hand on the lever, his sleeves
rolled above his elbows, his face blackened with smut and smoke, his
gray locks pushed back and streaming in the wind
 Undaunted courage was
stamped on every feature; his lips were firmly closed, and the picture
he presented reminded me of the description of Vulcan which I had read
in Homer


“‘Will she make it, Dan?’ inquired the conductor


“‘Yes, I think so,’ replied the engineer; ‘but it will be a close
race--two miles to run; two minutes and a quarter to make it in
’

“‘We’re safe then,’ said the conductor
 ‘They can hear us coming and
will wait for us
’

“Within one mile of the station there was a sharp curve in the track
where it swung round the base of a tall ridge, then lay out on the top
of a very high embankment, thence across a bridge, with a straight run
from there to the station
 The train was coming round the curve with
unusual speed, as it was running down grade
 Harry sat on the pilot with
his eyes fixed in front, and just as the train came round the last spur
of the ridge, he saw a little girl sitting on the gravel in the center
of the track, with her apron filled with wild flowers, which she was
busily weaving into festoons
 The train was within one hundred yards of
her before she was discovered
 She was on the part of the track that lay
on the top of the high embankment, the sides of which were very steep,
and it was full thirty feet to the ground from where the little girl
sat
 The engineer immediately blew the signal for down brakes, then
reversed his engine (a very dangerous operation to perform while running
rapidly down grade); all the brakes were put on, and the brakeman seemed
to strain every nerve to hold them as much down as possible
 The
engineer kept his whistle shrieking and screaming in order to warn the
child of her danger
 She rose and started to run toward the bridge, then
hesitated a moment, and made a move as if she were going to jump over
the embankment
 An Irish woman who was the child’s nurse had imprudently
left her on the track while she was gathering the flowers some distance
from it
 When the nurse discovered the danger to which the little girl
was exposed she hallooed to the child, telling her to leap down the side
of the embankment
 She made a movement as if she were going to do it,
then evidently became frightened at the great distance to the ground

Meantime the train was rapidly approaching the spot where the child
was, notwithstanding the fact that all the brakes were down and the
engine reversed
 The momentum was so great, and the grade being
downward, the train continued to move forward
 The noise made by the
whistle, added to the thundering sounds made by the approaching train,
only served to increase the child’s confusion
 The second time she
started to run across the bridge, and again she ran back a few paces;
then became so paralyzed with fright that she stopped, unable to move

The train was within a few feet of the little girl, and it now became
certain that the engine could not be stopped before it reached the
bridge, although it was running quite slowly, not faster than a man
could run; but what did that signify? Wouldn’t the child be crushed to
death unless the engine could be stopped before she was reached? It was
plain to be seen that the little girl had lost her self-possession, and
she stood gazing at the approaching train in despair
 She had very long
hair, which floated loose down her back, while the flowers lay scattered
on the ground where she stood
 The picture she presented then was
pretty, ’tis true, but the situation was awful
 My heart grew sick at
the sight
 I noticed Harry getting down on the very front of the iron
frame commonly called the cow-catcher; but what good could he do by
that? The engine was within ten feet of the little girl when I saw the
old engineer turn his face away and throw both hands to his eyes, as if
he were trying to shut out the shocking scene that was about to be
witnessed


“‘Oh
 great God have mercy on us,’ he exclaimed, as he turned away


“Harry placed his foot on the outer end of the longest bar of iron, then
made a desperate leap forward, seized the child by the arm, and both
went rolling down the steep side of the embankment
 He made the leap
when the engine was only about six feet from the child, and he must have
made his calculations very accurately, for he only let one foot strike
the ground between the rails, while the other struck the ground outside
of the rails
 The slightest miscalculation or the least mistake, would
have been fatal to him as well as her for whom he made the gallant leap

At the base of the embankment there was a pond of muddy water, bordered
with briars and broken rocks
 Harry and the little girl landed in the
middle of the pond, bruised and bleeding from many wounds
 The engine
came to a halt as soon as it struck the bridge, and the engineer leaped
down to where Harry lay in the water and lifted him up in his arms
 It
was an affecting sight to see the man of iron nerve weeping like a
child


“‘My brave little hero,’ he exclaimed, as he pressed Harry’s brow to his
lips, ‘are you hurt?’

“‘Not much sir, I believe, though my leg is broken,’ said Harry


“Poor fellow
 he fainted in the arms of the strong man who carried him
up the embankment and placed him on the train
 The little girl had a
severe contusion on her temple, caused by falling against a
sharp-cornered rock at the base of the embankment
 She was also placed
on the train, and then it was put in motion, and soon was at the
station, and a surgeon sent for, while the wounded children were removed
to a hotel near the depot
 The mother of the little girl (a pale-faced,
delicate little woman of great beauty) swooned and fell to the ground
when she saw the bleeding child in my arms
 The father of the child took
her from me


“‘In Heaven’s name pray tell me what has happened
’ said he, as he took
his daughter from me


“‘She is not seriously hurt, sir,’ said I, and then I told him what had
occurred


“Harry had regained consciousness before we reached the station, and
when he saw how Lottie was weeping as she held his head in her lap, he
smiled pleasantly
 ‘Don’t be alarmed, Lottie dear, I am not seriously
hurt--just one leg broken, that’s all
 Wasn’t it lucky that I happened
to be on the front of that engine? Is the little girl much hurt?’

“‘No, I think not,’ said the conductor, ‘she got a slight cut on the
temple
’

“‘Wasn’t she a pretty little darling?’ continued Harry; ‘I fell in love
with her as we rolled down the embankment together; and when I get to be
a man, if she is willing, we’ll go down the path of life together
’

“‘His mind is wandering,’ whispered the conductor


“Harry overheard him


“‘Perhaps it is,’ said he, ‘but let it wander as much as it likes, so
long as it happens to stray in that direction
 Hush crying, Lottie dear,
I tell you I am not much hurt; I shall be well again in three weeks
’

“The old surgeon arrived, threw off his coat, rolled up his sleeves, and
went to work like a man who knew what he was about; and I was struck
with admiration for the man when I saw the skill with which he reset the
broken bones and placed the splints


“‘There now, we’re all right, my brave little hero,’ he said, smiling as
he finished pinning the bandage
 ‘Keep it moist with cold water to
prevent inflammation, and in three weeks this leg will be as good as the
other one
 By the by, what’s your name, little man?’

“‘Harry Wallingford, sir
’

“‘Ah, ha
 a very nice name, too, it is
 And the pretty little girl whose
life you saved is the sweetest little angel that ever touched the
earth
’

“‘Who is she?’ Harry inquired


“‘Viola Bramlett is her name
 She is the daughter of Mr
 Bolivar
Bramlett, of New York City, who is traveling in the South for the
benefit of his wife’s health
 They have been stopping at this hotel some
three or four weeks, and being called in to see Mrs
 Bramlett
professionally, I have had a chance to become well acquainted with the
family; therefore, you see, I speak advisedly when I say that little
Viola is an angel
’

“‘I hope,’ said Harry, ‘that she is not badly hurt
’

“‘Oh, no; she is not hurt much at all--a slight contusion on the temple,
and a few scratches from the briars--that’s all
 Her father will be in
to see you directly; he is overwhelmed with gratitude to you; and little
Viola (Heaven bless her
), won’t talk about anything except the pretty
little brave boy who kept her from being killed
 She insisted on coming
to see you now, but I persuaded her to wait till your wounds were
dressed
 So you see that you may expect soon to be overflowed with
thanks and kisses from the sweetest little darling that the world ever
saw
 Ah, you’re a lucky lad, anyway
 Good morning; I’ll see you again
this evening; don’t move the wounded leg; keep it perfectly still, and
talk as much as you please to the little angel when she comes to see
you
’

“Then the old surgeon bustled out of the room, and went to visit his
other patients
 It was but a little while after Harry’s wounds had been
dressed when Viola came bounding into the room, threw her arms round his
neck, kissing his lips at least a dozen times in rapid succession
 Then
she said, with a voice which I thought very sweet and musical: ‘Oh, you
don’t know how much I thank you for saving my life
 Papa says that I
should have been crushed to death but for your bravery
 He says you are
a real hero, and he is going to divide all his money with you
 My papa
has great heaps of money, and he is going to give you half of it, and I
am to have the other half
 Now, won’t that be nice?’

“I watched her movements with intense interest, and concluded that the
old surgeon’s description of her charms had not been exaggerated
 Harry
gazed at her with such a look of admiration that I was convinced that he
concurred in the opinion expressed by the surgeon in regard to her
exceeding great beauty
 Mr
 Bramlett then made his appearance, and was
very enthusiastic and profuse in his thanks to Harry for saving his
little darling, as he called Viola


“‘She is all we have, sir, and if she had been taken from us, it would
have been a fatal blow to our happiness
 Words cannot express the
gratitude we feel toward you; and, as soon as you get well, we shall
talk more about it
 I am a man of business, and not a man of many words;
therefore, you shall hear from me again when you get well;’ then,
bending down, he gathered Viola to his heart, and as he kissed her
fervently, said: ‘Go now, my darling, and get some choice flowers for
the little brave hero who risked his life to save you
 You must be his
nurse, you know, and must keep him well supplied with flowers and iced
lemonade, etc
, etc;’ and before the sentence was finished Viola had
skipped off to collect the flowers


“Very soon she came in with her apron full of roses, pinks and
geraniums, and deposited them in great heaps on Harry’s bed, filling the
chamber with their sweet odor


“‘Now, Mr
 Harry,’ she said, ‘there’s your nice flowers; and, while you
are enjoying their fragrance, I must go and fetch you some lemonade and
ice
 Papa is making the lemonade for you, and he told me to give you the
flowers, and then to come for the lemonade
’

“She was gone but a moment, when she returned with a little tray, on
which sat three goblets full of lemonade and ice; giving the first
goblet to Harry, she then gave the other two to Lottie and me
 When she
went out Harry said: ‘Eddie, isn’t she the sweetest little thing you
ever saw?”

“‘Yes, with one exception, undoubtedly,’ I replied, casting a side
glance at Lottie
 She understood my meaning, and blushed crimson as she
turned her face away


“‘Of course you think Lottie is the prettiest, and I sha’n’t quarrel
with you about that
’

“I was delighted to see Harry so cheerful under his sufferings, because
it was plain that his wound was paining him
 His leg was broken about
three inches above the ankle joint; but thanks to the skillful old
surgeon, no lameness or deformity resulted from it, and in less than
four weeks he was able to walk without crutches
 The railroad men from
far and near came to see Harry, and they almost worshiped him
 The old
engineer came every day to inquire how he was getting on, calling Harry
his brave little hero
 Mrs
 Bramlett was unremitting in her attention to
Harry, overwhelming him with grateful thanks
 She said that her husband
had concluded to go with us to Memphis, and never to part from us until
he saw us safely landed with Harry’s uncle
 The days of Harry’s
convalescence were days of unalloyed happiness to me; for I had nothing
to do but to saunter among the flowers with Lottie, while Harry was with
Viola all the time
”

The queen requested Ingomar to suspend a while
 Then the party began to
promenade the deck





CHAPTER VIII



SCOTTIE was leaning on the arm of Ivanhoe, as they promenaded the deck,
conversing in subdued tones


“Have you noticed that lady with black silk domino and yellow mask?”

“No; what about her?”

“That’s she leaning on the arm of the old gentleman with long, white
whiskers
 I suppose he is her father
 Her movements have a mystery about
them that excited my curiosity
 She has been listening to Ingomar
attentively all the time, yet she never speaks a word to any one, except
the old gentleman, nor does she mingle with our party; yet she follows
Ingomar wherever he goes, as though she was a spy on his track
”

“Indeed
 that is strange; and to add to the mystery, I see that those
two seedy men have kept close to Ingomar all the time, and appear to be
in earnest conversation, which is always carried on in whispers
 I think
something unusual will develop itself soon
”

“So do I; but I hope it will be nothing against Ingomar; I believe he is
a perfect gentleman
”

“I hope you may be right there; but it won’t do to judge by
appearances
”

“Look, look
 see that woman in the black domino
 she is pointing at
Ingomar now, and whispering to the old gentleman
 I heard her say in a
whisper to the same person last night that the suspense was killing her;
now, what could that mean?”

“You are too much for me there; but we must wait patiently for further
developments; meantime, let us get our party together and hear more of
Ingomar’s story
”

“Yes, yes; I am anxious to hear more; go see the queen, and ask her to
order the tale continued
”

“About five weeks after Harry had been hurt Mr
 Bramlett came into his
room, and after talking for a few minutes on general topics, he handed
him a roll of bank bills, containing one thousand dollars


“‘Take this, my brave little hero,’ said he, ‘as a present from Viola;
and if ever the time comes when you should need a friend, just write to
me, and I promise you that I will respond
’

“‘You are very, very kind, sir,’ said Harry, as he bit his lips, and it
was plain to be seen that he was deeply offended, on handing the money
back; ‘I hope you won’t think me rude, sir, but I can’t take your
money
’

“I was greatly vexed at Harry’s conduct; here was money enough to answer
all our demands; it seemed to me that no one but a crazy person would
refuse such a sum


“‘Why, my little friend,’ said Mr
 Bramlett, ‘you must allow me to show
my gratitude in some way; and how could I do it any better than by
helping you with ready money? You must think of your little sister; she
must be taken care of; and how can you do it unless you have money to
pay her board and buy her clothes?’

“‘I can work for her, sir, and so can Eddie; we shall both work for her;
I should feel like a beggar, sir, if I were to take your money
’

“‘All a mistake, I assure you; I have an ample fortune; you saved the
life of my darling Viola, and you must allow me to do something to show
my gratitude
’

“‘I was not thinking of money, sir, when I saved your daughter; I was
thinking of her
’

“‘No doubt, no doubt you were; but you have suffered much on account of
the gallant deed, and I shall be deeply mortified if you refuse to allow
me a chance to show how much I feel the obligation
’

“‘I am very sorry, sir, to hear you say that; but really, I cannot take
any money
’

“‘Suppose then, we make a trade
 Let me loan you three thousand dollars
at five per cent
 interest, taking your note, with Edward as security,
on condition that you use the money in completing the education of
yourself, your sister and Edward; then you study law, and when you begin
to make money at your profession, you shall pay my money back with
interest
 What say you to that?’

“‘That would be worse; it would be receiving the money under false
pretenses; I can readily understand the kindness that prompts you to
make the offer, but as I never should be able to pay your money back, it
would not be right for me to take it
’

“Mr
 Bramlett left the room rather abruptly; he was vexed at Harry’s
obstinacy, and when he went into his wife’s room he said: ‘That foolish
boy refuses to accept any aid from me; I declare it is too bad; it is a
shame to see them start out afoot again; he is the most high-strung
chap I ever saw; I’ll resort to strategy; I’ll employ some agent to look
after those children
’

“‘Allow me to make a suggestion,’ said Mrs
 Bramlett to her husband; ‘as
we are going to Memphis, anyway, you might procure a situation for the
boys with some of your business friends in Memphis, and then you could
place money with your agent and have it paid to them in such sums as
they need, making them believe all the while that they are earning it;
that would keep them from feeling that they are objects of charity, for
to tell you the truth, I rather admire their high-strung notions, as you
call them
 Of course they are too young to be of much service to
anybody, but it would encourage them if they could be made to think that
they were earning their support
’

“‘Thank you, dear, for the suggestion; it is the very thing
 We will go
to Memphis to-morrow, and the matter shall be arranged
’

“Of course, we were ignorant of this arrangement, and did not find it
out for many years afterward
 I was at that time unable to support
Harry’s independent views, and tried to argue the question with him, but
it was a failure on my part


“‘I should despise myself,’ said he, ‘if I were to take the kind
gentleman’s money, knowing that I never should be able to pay it back

Then, perhaps, it would displease our uncle if he knew we had accepted
money in the way of charity
’

“He went so far as to refuse to take the train with Mr
 Bramlett until
that gentleman promised to furnish him employment as soon as we should
reach Memphis, by which we could re-imburse him for the money advanced
to pay our fare; and I don’t believe he would have done that but for the
influence brought to bear on him by Viola, who threw her arms about his
neck and declared that she would cry her eyes out unless he went with
her to Memphis


“When we arrived at Memphis, Mr
 Bramlett took us to the Worsham House,
promising to inquire for our uncle on the next day; and when he came
back, after having gone out for that purpose, and informed us that our
uncle had gone to California, with a view of making it his permanent
home, we began to realize the fact that we were now left all alone and
must think and act for ourselves


“‘What are we to do now, Harry?’ I inquired


“‘We must seek employment at once,’ said he, ‘and we must lose no time
about it either
 You stay with Lottie, and I’ll go out and see what we
can get to do
’

“Harry returned after three hours’ absence, and the look of
disappointment that appeared on his face convinced me of his failure
before he told it


“‘No one seems to want us,’ he said gloomily, as he dropped exhausted on
a chair
 ‘I have met nothing but disappointment at every point; but I
will try again, when I get rested
’

“Lottie wiped the perspiration from his brow with her handkerchief, and
ran her fingers through his hair


“You must get some work for me to do, too, Harry; you know how nicely I
can sew, and how neatly I can cut and fit a lady’s dress
 I shall make a
great deal of money, if you’ll only get the work for me to do
’

“‘I know you would, Lottie, but no one will give us work
 I fear,
because we are strangers here, and people don’t like to trust strangers,
you know
’

“‘Papa has gone out to hunt work for you to do, Harry,’ said Viola, as
she pushed Lottie gently away from her brother; ‘you go and stay with
Eddie there, Miss Lottie, and leave me to look after Harry
 I shall be
jealous, you know, if you pay so much attention to my hero
 Speaking of
work, I heard papa say to mamma that he would find a good place for you
to live at before he left the city; then we are going to New Orleans,
and then we are going to Havana, and then we are going to come back here
to see you; and then won’t we have lots of fun?’ And stooping down with
her mouth to Harry’s ear she said: ‘I’ve got something nice for you, but
you must come with me to my room before I show it to you, because Eddie
and Lottie are not to see it at all, so come along now
’

“Of course Harry went, and he was not prepared for the surprise which
she gave him, for she held up a large golden locket swinging to a heavy
gold chain
 ‘There it is; isn’t it pretty? Papa gave seventy-five
dollars for it, and you must accept it as a present from me
 You see it
has got my picture in it
 I thought maybe you would like my picture to
look at when I am gone; for I’m sure I should like very much to have
yours to look at when I am so far away from you
’

“‘I shall wear this pretty picture next to my heart as long as I live,
and I shall always love the darling who gave it to me
’

“‘You must get your picture made, and give it to me before I go away,
won’t you?’

“Harry did not know what answer to make, for he knew that it required
money to have a picture made, and money was not his


“‘Maybe so,’ he said sadly


“‘O
 don’t say that; you must not by any means refuse me your picture
’

“‘You shall have it as soon as I can earn the money to pay for it
’

“‘Never mind the money, I’ll get that from papa; he always gives me
money when I ask him
’

“‘I should rather pay for it with my own money; then it would be a
present from me
’

“I persuaded Harry to remain at the hotel until I should make a tour
through the city to try my luck in seeking employment
 I went from house
to house, from one end of Main street to the other, asking at all places
for work; and then I went on Front row, and tried every business house
for employment, willing to do anything to make an honest living
 I
offered to drive a dray, or to roll barrels, or any sort of work that
anybody might want done; but no one seemed to care to employ me
 I
suppose it was my green and seedy appearance that went against me, and I
was returning to the hotel, completely overcome with fatigue and
disappointment, when I heard a familiar voice call my name


“‘Ah, ha
 here we are again, Eddie, old fellow; you are the very chap I
was looking for
 Ah, ha
 Eddie, what good luck?’

“I was seized by both hands, and looking up, saw the kind eyes of old
Doctor Dodson bent on me
 No one will ever know how my sad heart leaped
for joy when I heard his kind words


“‘Yes, yes
 Ah, ha
 You were the very lad I wished to see
 I have just
come to Memphis with a view of making it my home; I have bought a
drug-store, and mean to practice my profession here, and sell drugs
also, and I mean to put you in the store as my clerk, etc
, etc
 Ah, ha

Eddie; yes, yes; you see it all now, don’t you?’

“I was so overjoyed with the news that I was unable to answer then; but
as soon as I could collect my ideas I thanked him and promised to accept
his kind offer
 It was agreed that I should commence business with the
doctor on the next morning


“‘Ah, ha
 Eddie, all settled, you see; that’s business
 I mean to make a
great doctor out of you one of these days
 You’ve got a splendid head
for a doctor
 Ah, ha
 that you have, my boy
 There now, you may go until
to-morrow, and then to business, you know
’

“I hastened to the hotel to impart the good news to Harry and Lottie,
and I must say that I had risen at least one hundred per cent, in my own
estimation
 Wouldn’t I now be able to support Lottie, and Harry, too? I
imagined that I should be able to support them with all ease; but that,
of course, was one of the childish dreams which often found lodgment in
my simple brain
 When I returned to the hotel and imparted the good news
to Harry and Lottie, it made me very happy to see how much pleasure it
gave them
 Meantime Mr
 Bramlett had been arranging his plans, or rather
executing the plans he had determined on previously
 He was seated in
the office of Mr
 Rockland, an eminent lawyer, who had for many years
been his agent and adviser


“‘Mr
 Rockland,’ said Mr
 Bramlett, ‘this is a delicate matter, and I
trust you with its management; and I may as well tell you now that it
will require some strategy, and much skill, to make the plan work
smoothly
 I have never met with three such children
 They are as proud
as Lucifer, and as independent as if they had the wealth of the
Rothchilds; and if they ever should suspect that the money comes from
me, the whole business goes overboard certain
’

“‘I see,’ said the lawyer
 ‘I think I shall be able to manage the
business so as to accomplish what you wish
 If I understand you
correctly, Mr
 Bramlett, you want those children properly educated, and
then you want the boys to be put to the law as soon as their education
shall have been completed
’

“‘Just so, Mr
 Rockland; you understand me correctly
 I feel under great
obligations to young Mr
 Wallingford, and have offered to show it by
aiding him, but he rejects my offer merely through pride; therefore I
mean to help him in this secret manner
 I beg you not to stand back on
account of money--draw on me for all that may be necessary, and the cash
will come
’

“‘The description you have given of those children convinces me that my
task will be rather an agreeable one; because pride and independence are
by no means evil qualities, unless possessed by ignorant people; and
they are far from being ignorant, judging from what you have told me

Mrs
 Rockland will be glad to receive them, as we have no children of
our own; consequently, she leads rather a lonely existence; so you may
consider the matter settled
’

“‘Here is a card for Harry Wallingford,’ said a bell-boy, as he dipped
his head in the door


“Harry read as follows:

     “‘HARRY WALLINGFORD:

     “‘SIR--Please call at my office immediately
 I wish to see you on
     important business
 Respectfully,

     N
 ROCKLAND
’

“Harry went to the office without delay, while his mind was crowded with
conjectures as to what kind of business was to be discussed
 He found
Mr
 Rockland seated near a table covered with a huge mass of papers,
busily engaged looking over them, and when Harry entered the office the
old lawyer fixed his eyes on him for a moment as if measuring his worth


“‘Take a seat, little man; I suppose you are Harry Wallingford?’

“‘Yes, sir
’

“‘Mr
 Bramlett was speaking to me about you, and, by the by, he has
given you a very favorable recommendation, and I have concluded to offer
you employment, if we can agree on terms
 I want a boy to help me in my
office, and you shall have the place, if you think it will suit you
’

“‘I shall be glad, sir, to get the place, and shall try to please you
’

“‘Very good; I shall not be able to offer you very large wages
’

“‘I could not expect it, sir
’

“‘Then to come to the point, I propose to board and clothe you and your
sister for the work you and she can do
 She can be a sort of companion
to Mrs
 Rockland
 You see we have no children, therefore your sister
will no doubt be able to help Mrs
 Rockland in many ways; meantime she
can go to school; so can you; but then you will have to work very hard,
because I shall require you to work mornings and evenings, and sometimes
late at night
 This, you know, must be understood before we close the
contract
 If I board, clothe and educate you and your sister, you see it
will require all the money that you and she could earn
’

“‘I am afraid, sir, we shall not be able to earn enough to pay for all
that
’

“‘I’ll risk that; but you’ll find I shall keep you very busy
 And then I
must find a situation for your step-brother
’

“‘He has found a situation with Doctor Dodson, sir
’

“‘Oh
 has he? That’s lucky; then we are all right; is it a bargain
between us?’

“‘Yes, sir; and I am very thankful
 When do you wish me to commence?’

“‘Stay with Mr
 Bramlett until he starts to New Orleans, then bring your
sister to my house, and we shall go to work
’

“When Harry came back his handsome face was beaming with pleasure; and
while relating what had occurred, he did not fail to congratulate Lottie
on the chances which she would have of securing an accomplished
education
 Fortune seemed to have made up her mind on this occasion to
shower her brightest smiles on us all at once
 Had she not provided us
with good homes, kind friends and all we could expect or wish for? And
right here I feel it to be my duty to express my thanks to old bob-tail
Robert; for it was all brought about by him
 What a slice of good luck
it was that caused him to take a fancy to Lottie on that eventful night
when he came to our camp and began to lick her hand
 I suppose Madame
Fortune had prompted him to do it
 We never knew who was old Bob’s
master before he concluded to cast his lot with us, but from his ‘lean
and hungry look’ we inferred that he had been serving a cruel master,
and that he was out on a foraging expedition when he happened to come
upon our camp
 The night was dark, and I suppose he came near enough to
see Lottie’s sweet face, as she sat gazing into the fire, and here is
the substance of what I imagine passed through old Bob’s mind as he
peered into Lottie’s face with his one eye:

“‘I am very hungry; the fact is, I am about to perish for food; my
master is unkind and cruel; instead of giving me food, he gives me
nothing but blows and curses, and I believe I shall run away from him,
and seek me another master
 That little girl has a beautiful
countenance, and I expect she has a kind heart, and I think she would
have compassion on a poor old hungry dog like me; I believe I’ll venture
up to her, and lick her hand, and maybe she will give me a bone to gnaw
on
 Oh
 how I wish I had a beautiful tail to wag, in order to make her
pity me
 I am afraid my ugliness will frighten her, and if it does, I
shall be driven off, and then shall get no bone; but my poor stomach is
so empty, and my mouth waters so, that I shall venture up at all
hazards
 If she drives me away it can’t make matters worse, and if she
is kind and gives me a bone, I’ll follow her, for her sweet face leads
me to think she’ll do to tie to
’

“Immediately after having the unuttered conversation with himself, old
Bob ventured up and licked Lottie’s hand; the result was he got a medium
supper, and found that the favorable opinion he had formed as to the
kindness of her heart was by no means too extravagant
 We know what
followed--at least we know that Bob followed Lottie, and we further know
that his fondness for rabbits led us to the gravel pit, which led us to
the gravel train which carried Harry to the embankment, where he saved
the life of Viola, whose father caused Mr
 Rockland to give us good
homes, and this proves that it is better to give a poor dog kindness
than kicks
 Now who knows what might have happened to us if old Bob had
not trusted to Lottie’s kind face that night, or if she had taken a
stick and beaten him? I dare say we should have been wandering about the
streets of Memphis, friendless, houseless, and penniless; working for
our daily bread, and sleeping in some filthy, sickly den, while dear
Lottie would have been dressed in rags
 But now, through her kindness to
poor old one-eyed, tailless Bob, she has got a splendid home, good
friends, fine clothes, and bright prospects unfolding themselves for the
future
 Who will venture to deny that old Bob was possessed of good
judgment? Who will say that he did not make a good selection, when he
concluded to take Lottie for his mistress and protector?

“‘Well, here we are
 Ah, ha
 Eddie,’ said Doctor Dodson next morning,
when he met me at the door of his new drug-store
 ‘I suppose you are
ready for business? Ah, ha
’

“‘Yes, sir
’

“‘Good, my boy, good
’

“Then he began to instruct me as to the duties I was to perform, and
teaching me the names of the various kinds of drugs
 I went to work with
the determination to succeed, and to please my kind-hearted employer
 It
was but a few months before I knew the names of all the drugs, and could
make up the prescriptions with skill and safety; I was very proud to
find that the doctor was pleased with me
 The doctor’s wife was as kind
to me as if she had been my own mother, and, all things considered, I
had a happy home, and was contented


“Harry and Lottie were delighted with their new situations; but I did
not see them as often as I wished, though I went with Lottie to church
occasionally, and sat in the same pew with her, and read my prayers in
her book, and then mixed drugs and built air castles the remainder of
the week
 But I am getting tired of talking about children, and I expect
my hearers are tired of it, too, and I shall therefore say but little
more about it
 If I have bored you with too much talk of dogs and
children, I beg pardon, and promise to make a long leap over the space
of seven years
 They were years of happiness to me--so were they to
Lottie and Harry
 Lottie is eighteen, and more beautiful than ever
 The
large dreamy eyes are the same, but the tall, queenly form has filled
out, presenting a model that an artist would delight to paint from
 The
stamp of intellect was sparkling on her white brow, and she was (as I
thought then, and think now) the most charming girl that my eyes had
ever looked upon
 Harry had made rapid progress in his legal studies,
and would be ready to enter on his professional career by the time he
was twenty-one; while I was an overgrown, awkward young man, rather shy,
and sneaky when in the presence of strangers; though I had studied
closely, and Doctor Dodson said I would some day be a great physician

It was arranged that I should attend the lectures in Philadelphia, and I
thought it best to have an understanding with Lottie before I left
 I
had never asked her to be my wife
 I became jealous and unhappy because
Lottie was surrounded by devoted admirers, many of whom were men of
wealth and high social standing; and I was alarmed lest I should after
all lose the great prize
 But let us rest a while, and I’ll tell more
about it in the next chapter
”




CHAPTER IX



“Lottie had been at the Bards Town School in Kentucky for four years;
but she usually spent the summer vacation at home
 She graduated with
the highest honors, having won the first prize in Greek, Latin and
French, and triumphantly carried off the costly gold cup offered for the
best original poem
 There were two things combined which contributed to
her success
 In the first place, she possessed the active brain, and the
ambition; and in the second place, she had been trained and taught much
of the time by Mr
 Rockland before she went to the Kentucky school
 The
iron lawyer would often take her into his library and make her recite
lesson after lesson, when he would lecture her on the different branches
of her studies
 Then he would stray away into ancient and modern
history, poetry and politics, spending hours in expounding them to the
mind that was so able and willing to grasp the meaning
 He would often
make Lottie draw up bills in chancery--write pleas and declarations
under his direction
 Then he would explain all the legal points in some
important case, and request her to look up the law and arrange his
brief
 It was a remarkable fact that Mr
 Rockland would neglect his best
paying clients in order to cram his solid ideas into Lottie’s grasping
mind


“‘Ed, she will be home to-morrow,’ said Harry Wallingford as he ran his
hand under my arm and walked down the street by my side
 ‘I have just
received a telegram from her; she left Bards Town this morning, and is
now in Louisville
 Mr
 Rockland is going to give a grand ball in honor
of her great triumph as the champion prize-taker at Bards Town
 I
suppose you have heard about her wonderful victory?’

“‘Yes
’

“‘See here, old fellow, is that all you have to say in praise of this
wonderful sister of mine? What is the matter with you, anyway? You look
as if you wanted to murder somebody
’

“‘There is nothing wrong with me at all, and I am glad to hear of
Lottie’s grand achievements,’ I replied rather dryly, because I had
begun to discuss with my mind on the probabilities of losing Lottie
 I
knew full well that many a gallant knight would be ready to leap into
the arena as a contestant for the charming prize--ready to battle to the
death to win the hand and heart of the most lovely, the most beautiful
and the most talented girl in Tennessee
 When I weighed my chances well
I was forced to the conclusion that they were too light to go into the
balances against many other young men who I knew were going to enter the
lists
 Lottie had always manifested a partiality for me, but I was
afraid that it was more a feeling of sisterly love than anything else

During our childhood days we had often talked of the feelings of true
love which we had for each other; but Lottie was now a woman, and I did
not want her to love me as a brother
 I had no money, and but little
education--was green and awkward, timid and ugly, and had no confidence
in myself; but I was determined to break many a lance before a rival
should carry off the great prize


“Mr
 Rockland was so deeply in love with Lottie that it amounted to
idolatry, and it was generally believed, and publicly expressed, that he
would settle his large fortune on her
 He was extravagant in the
expenditure of money for her comfort; in fact, he poured it out like
water to gratify her slightest wish, though she was rather inclined to
be economical and prudent
 She seemed to think more of her books and
music than she did of dress and display


“‘Ed, old boy,’ exclaimed Wallingford, after a long pause, ‘did you know
that I was very proud of my sister?’

“‘Yes
’

“‘Ah, yes, I tell you what it is, she is ahead of any girl in Memphis,
so far as intelligence and goodness are concerned
 Mrs
 Rockland says
that she is going to set Lottie out when the ball comes off
’

“‘How set her out?’

“‘Pshaw
 don’t you know what they mean by setting a girl out? Of course
you do
 When a girl is ready to receive matrimonial propositions they
set her out; that is, they hang out the sign
 As the gamblers say, they
spread their lay-out, don’t you see? Well, Mrs
 Rockland is going to rig
Lottie up and throw her at the heads of the male community, as it were

Now, Ed, let me tell you one thing: I mean to have something to say in
that little skirmish, and the man who marries my sister must be the
reliable sort
 If any sap-head bumpkin begins to caper around Lottie,
I’ll just give him unlimited leave of absence; and if he don’t take it,
I’ll wring off his head
’

“‘Do you intend to marry her to a rich man; or shall she marry for
love?’

“‘Of course she shall marry the man of her choice, provided he is of the
right stamp
 I don’t care about the length of his purse, but he must
have brains, and a heart of the right sort, and he must have an
established reputation for honor and integrity
 If any man were to marry
my sister and be unkind to her, don’t you know I would kill him?’

“‘I should be inclined to do such a man some great bodily harm myself
’

“‘Thank you, Ed, I believe you would; and well you might, because, you
know, Lottie always loved you as a brother
’

“I felt my heart make a sudden leap and drive the blood to my cheeks
when he spoke of brotherly love
 I wanted none of that sort
 I felt
miserable, and was unable to conceal my feelings


“‘By-by, old boy,’ said Wallingford, as he turned into the street that
led to his office
 ‘You must call and see us when Lottie gets home
’

“I bowed stiffly, said nothing, and hurried on to my home by no means
satisfied with the prospects
 ‘They are going to set her out, are they?’
I said mentally
 ‘Good
 I’ll be there when the show begins, and though
my chance is slim, yet I’ll die hard, if die I must
’ I made a draw on
Doctor Dodson for cash to pay for a first-class ball dress, and felt
profoundly thankful to my tailor for the skill he displayed in the
make-up
 I did not call to see Lottie when she arrived, because I wanted
to appear at the ball in my splendid new costume, so as to take a fair
start in the matrimonial tilt I knew the other young men would make


“Grand indeed were the preparations that were being made for the great
ball, and the young people who had been so fortunate as to receive an
invitation were looking forward impatiently to the eventful day; and no
one thought about it more anxiously than I did
 I was very full of
apprehension and doubt in regard to Lottie’s feelings toward me, and I
propounded a thousand questions to my own mind about it
 ‘Will she look
down from the high circle where fortune has placed her to the humble
sphere in which I am doomed to dwell? or will she forget the poor
awkward boy who, in the happy days of old, was glad to kiss the dust
that had felt the touch of her little feet? Why should she stoop so low
as to even think of me? What right have I, a poor half-educated clerk,
to expect such a brilliant, beautiful heiress to lavish her favors on
me, when men of wealth and high position are ready to lay their honors
and wealth at her feet? What right have I to aspire so high?’
‘None--none--none
’ was thundered in my ear by Common Sense, as the
answer to my mental questions
 ‘Miss Charlotte Wallingford is not for
your sort,’ said Reason
 ‘She is fit for the wife of a king
’ ‘Yes, but
I saved her life,’ said my Mind, ‘and she is under obligations to me
’
‘True enough,’ Reason replies, ‘but it does not follow that she must
marry you
 Women’s lives are often saved by their servants, yet they do
not marry them
’ ‘But it will kill me if Miss Wallingford marries any
other man
’ ‘No matter if it does--why should she care? the world will
never feel the loss--the sun will shine as bright, the flowers grow as
sweet, and the seasons will come and go after you are dead just as they
did when you were alive
’ With such unpleasant reflections as these I
had managed to work my mind up to an unusual degree of excitement
 I
became gloomy and unhappy to such an extent as to attract the attention
of my good mother (as I called Mrs
 Dodson), and she begged me to tell
her the cause of my misery
 I evaded her questions, and sought solitude,
where I could give vent to my sorrow unmolested
 She cast many an
imploring look at me when I would leave my food untasted
 My cheeks grew
pale and my appetite failed, and I hugged my misery to my breast, and
told my secret to none
 I was proud, and felt offended, but had no
reasons to give for it
 No one had been unkind to, or in any manner
maltreated me, yet I was querulous, melancholy and despairing


“‘Ah, ha
 here we come, my boy,’ said Doctor Dodson one morning as he
came into the store
 ‘What’s the matter, what’s the matter, Ed, my boy?
speak it out, speak it out, let it come; what makes you look like a
ghost, my boy? Pshaw
 don’t tell me such a tale as that, my boy, ah, ha

don’t you do it, I say; indigestion
 did you ever know a Russian bear to
have bad digestion? No, no, Ed, my boy, you needn’t try to fool me--you
can’t do it
 The disease is in your mind, ah, ha
 don’t you see? Yes,
yes, that’s what’s the matter
 Something has gone wrong
 I’d say it was
a love scrape, if it was any other boy; but my old booby has too much
sense for anything of that sort; ah, ha
 don’t you see how it is, my
boy?’

“I soon became convinced that the good old doctor would pry the secret
out of me unless I resorted to falsehood, which I resolved not to do;
therefore I begged him to let me alone, promising to tell him everything
at the end of ten days


“‘Ah, ha
 very good, my boy; I won’t press you further just now, but I
mean to hold you down to your promise, don’t you see? I won’t let you go
to Philadelphia while you are looking like a defunct specimen of
humanity, ah, ha
 don’t you see? You look more like a fit subject for a
grave-yard than a medical school, ah, ha
 yes, that you do, my boy

There now, go to work, and quit this moping about as if you wanted to
sneak into a tomb
’

“I was glad when the doctor was called to see one of his patients


“At last the time for the grand ball arrived, and I had arranged my
toilet with unusual care
 My good mother had been persuading me to send
my card to Miss Ella Willchester, a charming young lady residing just
across the street from our house, but it would have required the
strength of a forty horse-power engine to make me escort any other girl
to Lottie’s ball
 I thought it would be treason to her if I offered any
favors to any other girl
 The fact is, I could not think of anybody else
but Lottie; her image was floating before my eyes by day, and swimming
in my mind when I was asleep
 I did not make my appearance at the ball
until after ten o’clock, for I wanted to slip in quietly, unobserved, in
order that I might see whether Lottie had even so much as thought about
me
 I must acknowledge that I felt rather sheepish when I was going
round so as to come in at the side entrance, hoping to get in unnoticed

The band commenced playing a lively waltz as I stepped on the veranda at
the end of the ball-room, and a dozen couples went whirling round and
floating gracefully through the hall
 I took a seat on a chair near a
window, where I could peep between the folds of the rich lace curtains
and watch the movements of the guests within
 I noticed a half dozen
young men crowd round a young lady whose back was toward me
 They were
struggling with, and jostling each other, all apparently eager to get a
word with the young lady
 Who was the fair one that attracted such
attention? was the question that came up in my mind
 I could see the
tall, queen-like form, but could not get a view of her face
 The square
shoulders and straight body, the beautiful arms and bright golden hair
were visible, but my mind was full of curiosity to know who she was
 I
thought it might be Lottie, but then she was too tall--or at least I
concluded that after a moment’s reflection
 It was Lottie, nevertheless,
and I had lost sight of the fact that it had been nearly a year since I
had seen her
 She abruptly left the crowd of admirers


“‘Excuse me a moment, please,’ I heard her say as she went to her
brother, who occupied a seat just inside the room, and within six feet
of where I was
 ‘Brother, has Eddie come yet?’ I heard the question
distinctly


“‘No; I don’t think he has,’ was the reply


“‘I am afraid he is ill, else he would have been here long ago
’

“‘Pshaw
 sister, never mind Ed; he isn’t the sort that gets sick
’

“‘Oh, I am so sorry he is not here
’

“I could bear it no longer; my heart was again in my throat, and I
thrust my hand in between the curtains, and said: ‘I did not expect you
would have time to spare a thought about me on such an occasion as
this
’

“She uttered a smothered scream, sprang through the door, and seized
both of my hands and began to jerk them up and down
 Never had my eyes
beheld such a lovely object as the one then before me, such radiant
beauty, such lofty, dazzling charms, such large, liquid blue eyes and
bright golden hair, such round, pretty arms, such a tall, stately form

Nothing could match this angelic creature
 I was stunned--surprised, and
almost paralyzed, as I stood staring with open mouth at the wonderful
beauty before me
 ‘Is this Lottie? Can this be the same little blue-eyed
thing who tramped so many miles by my side long, long ago?’ That was the
question that naturally forced itself on my mind
 I could not realize
the fact that this radiant model of perfection and the little
sore-footed tramp were one and the same person


“‘I am going to give you a real good scolding, Eddie,’ she said as she
still held both of my hands tightly clasped in hers
 ‘Why have you not
come to see me before now; and what made you come so late to-night; and
what made you slip in here and hide as if you had been doing a mean
thing?’

“All I could do was to stand like an idiot, staring at the indescribable
beauty before me, unable to utter a word
 I then and there concluded
that she never would be mine
 No such woman could ever come down low
enough to be the wife of a half-educated pill-maker


“‘What is the matter, Eddie?’ she exclaimed in an anxious tone, as she
cast a look of surprise at me
 ‘You are ill--your hands are very cold,
and your face is as pale as death
’

“‘No, I am very well, I thank you,’ I managed with a struggle to say


“‘You are trying to deceive me, but you cannot do it; you have been
ill?’

“‘Partners for a quadrille
’ exclaimed the leader of the band, and three
young men made a dash toward Lottie, each one claiming her as a partner

She took the arm of Mr
 Heartsell, after some little controversy as to
whose turn it was to dance with her, and soon was floating through the
waltz with him


“‘By Jupiter
 She is a stunner, ain’t she, Sam?’ exclaimed a dandyfied
youth as Heartsell led her away


“‘Your head’s level, and don’t you forget it
’ replied the one
addressed, who was a little, hook-nosed law student with but a small
amount of brains and lots of brass


“Wherever I went I could hear groups of young men lavishing their
extravagant praises on the wonderful young beauty who had so suddenly
blazed down among them like a newly discovered planet


“As soon as Lottie was released from Heartsell she came back to me

‘Eddie,’ said she, ‘I want you to enjoy yourself here to-night, and you
must let me introduce you to some of these charming young ladies
 I
heard one expressing an anxiety to be introduced to that tall, handsome
young gentleman with the shaggy whiskers
 I think she is smitten with
both you and your whiskers; come, let me introduce you
’

“‘No, you must excuse me--Lottie, I will not dance to-night, unless it
is with you
’

“‘Indeed, you do me great honor, and I’ll put you down for the third
set, as I am engaged for the next two, and would have been for every
other one but I declined the honor
 You must excuse me now--I am acting
hostess to-night, as mother is not very well
’

“I waited for my turn with no small degree of impatience, as I sat like
a picture against the wall watching Lottie as she glided like a fairy
through the mazes of the dance
 She was dressed in white satin, trimmed
with lace of the most exquisite and costly pattern, with close and
smooth-fitting body, which set off her round, straight form to great
advantage
 A cluster of sparkling diamonds fastened both ends of a pearl
necklace which met on her bosom, while a large white rose was pinned at
her throat with a little golden arrow; and a broad band of gold
encircled each wrist, while a large amethyst set glittered from each one
of the bracelets
 Her long, golden hair was coiled up in two plaited
rolls, and pinned on the back of her head with a pair of Cupid-darts set
in diamonds
 I never had seen Lottie so exquisitely dressed before,
although she was always very particular and neat in her toilet
 Mr

Rockland had ordered her set of diamonds from New York especially for
that occasion


“At last the time arrived when I was to waltz with her, and I would have
been glad to offer an excuse, because I was trembling like one in an
ague fit, and felt as if I were going to make a botch of it
 I knew I
was clumsy, awkward, and a novice at the business, and just as I was
about to stammer out an excuse, the band struck up a lively waltz, and
Lottie seized me without ceremony and almost dragged me to the middle of
the floor
 I imagined that the eyes of every one in the room were gazing
at me, and I was about half right, for my tall, gawky form loomed up
above all the other men, which attracted the attention of the
spectators
 When we began to whirl round the room Lottie let her cheek
rest on my shoulder; and I felt her cool sweet breath fanning my face,
while her beautiful eyes gazed up into mine with an expression of
unmixed delight
 I had not failed to notice how differently she acted
when waltzing with me from what she did with other men
 Her fair cheek
had never touched another man’s shoulder on that night, and no one had
been able to keep her on the floor as long as I did
 I soon became
warmed up, and my blood boiled with the intoxicating influence of the
music, and the love for the girl whose cheek rested on my shoulder
 I
forgot everything but the dear idol who was so near my heart, and would
have kept whirling round until my limbs gave way under me, but the music
ceased, and I led Lottie to a seat; but I did not get a chance to enjoy
her company many moments before she was surrounded by a crowd of young
men, who insisted on leading her to the piano
 The musicians had laid
down their instruments, and were enjoying a smoke on the veranda, and
Lottie was urged to sing
 I drew as near as I could, and took my stand
on her left
 She ran her fingers rapidly over the keys and then asked me
what she should sing


“‘Give us something to remind us of olden times
’

“‘Very well, here is one of my own invention:

    “‘In the happy days of yore
        A hero loved me then

      Let my tears of sorrow pour,
      My happy days are o’er,
      For he loves me now no more--
        He loved me truly then


    “‘Oh, what bliss it is to know
        A hero loved me then

      His young heart was all aglow,
      And as pure as driven snow;
      I must let my hero go

        He loved me truly then


    “‘All the happy days are past--
        A hero loved me then

      This poor heart is o’ercast
      With sorrow’s consuming blast,
      My hero broke it at last,
        He loved me truly then


    “‘I remember every vow--
        A hero loved me then

      It crowds my memory now,
      For he kissed me on the brow,
      Then he sweetly told me how
        He loved me truly then
’

“Every time she lingered on the words ‘A hero loved me then,’ her eyes
were raised to mine for a moment and I thought I saw an appealing look
in them, and a glance of inquiry
 When she came to the last three lines
her voice trembled slightly, and when she fixed her beautiful eyes on me
I saw that they were moist, though no tears fell from them
 She repeated
the last three lines in a low, plaintive tone


“For a few seconds after the last sweet sound had ceased not a word was
spoken
 Lottie declined to sing any more, notwithstanding she was urged
to do so by the entire audience, but she rose from the piano and made
her way to me, and running her arm under mine, said:

“‘Come, Eddie, take me out where we can get a little fresh air--I am
smothering in here
’

“The proposition suited me admirably, for I was anxious to be alone with
her, and went out on the portico and began to walk up and down the
floor, while Lottie leaned on my arm, with her face turned up toward
mine
 I was too happy to talk; my heart thrilled with delight, and I
remained silent
 After making a few rounds on the portico without
speaking, we took seats on a low wooden bench, where a thick cluster of
honeysuckle vines formed a canopy that would conceal us from the prying
eyes of Mr
 Heartsell and two other young men who were apparently
watching us


“‘Now, Edward,’ said Lottie, ‘I want you to tell me what is the matter
with you? Come now, don’t try to deceive me, for you know you cannot do
it
 I have not seen you smile to-night
 You don’t look or act as you did
in the happy days of old
 You were always cheerful and pleasant then,
but you look pale and serious now
’

“‘Lottie, I know I could not deceive you if I were to try; but I have no
wish to do anything of the sort
 I am unhappy, but I do not know that I
could give any good reason for it
 One thing, however, I will say, and
that is I think we shall never see any more such happy days as we have
spent together
 I see a great gulf beginning to flow in between you and
me, which sooner or later will drive us apart forever
’

“‘Pshaw
 Edward, you ought not to talk that way--it pains me deeply to
hear it
 No gulf could be made wide enough to separate me from such a
dear, good, noble _brother_ as you have been to me; but what do you mean
when you speak of a gulf coming between us?’

“‘You have an accomplished education, a superior mind, as well as very
great beauty, and are to be a great heiress
 Mr
 Rockland is proud and
wealthy, and is very fond of you, he will expect you to marry some
distinguished man of his own choosing
 I may be mistaken, but I don’t
think he would be pleased to have me as a frequent visitor at his house

He did not speak to me to-night, but cast on me a cold, contemptuous
look, and bowed stiffly
’

“‘Now see here, Edward, in the first place, I think you are very much
mistaken in supposing Mr
 Rockland dislikes you
 He is naturally a very
stern, sad man, but he has a warm, tender heart, and I believe he loves
me dearly; but I tell you now plainly that the man who hates my dear,
noble brother must hate me too
 And when it comes to the question of
matrimony, I guess I will have something to say about that
 In the first
place, I do not want to marry at all, and in the next place, I shall be
very certain never to marry any man unless I love him with all my
heart
’

“While she was uttering the words just mentioned she made the heels of
her little boots clatter against the floor rapidly, and I could see by
the sparkle of her eyes that she meant what she said
 I was partially
pleased, and partially vexed--pleased to hear her say that she never
would marry any man unless she loved him; vexed to hear her speak of her
love toward me as a dear _brother_--I wanted a different sort of love

She now took the beautiful white rose from her throat and put it in the
button-hole of my coat, and while she was doing so her lovely face was
within three inches of mine, and I felt her cool breath gently touching
my cheek
 When she finished the job, over which I thought she lingered a
long time, she gave me a gentle slap on the cheek and said:

“‘There, now, that is very nice; and I want you to drive away that ugly
frown from your brow, and go in and help me to entertain my guests
 Will
you do it?’

“‘Yes, Lottie, you know I will do anything to please you; but stop a
moment--I want to know what you meant by composing such a song as the
one you sang a moment ago? Who is it that loved you truly then, and
loves you now no more?’

“‘Ask me no questions, and I will tell you no falsehoods, but I guess
you could answer that question better than I could
 But come along
now--we must go in, for I heard some one inquiring for me; give me your
arm, and don’t forget the ugly frown
’

“‘Trust me now, Lottie, and I’ll be as polite to your guests as a French
dancing master
’

“‘Good enough, Edward
 so come along
’

“We returned to the ball-room, when Mr
 Heartsell came up to engage
Lottie as his partner for the next set


“‘I beg you to excuse me, Mr
 Heartsell--I am going to dance with Mr

Demar in this set
’

“Now here was unmistakable evidence of partiality on Lottie’s part
toward me, for I had not asked her to dance with me; in fact, I had not
intended to dance any more that night


“My self-conceit went up to a premium, my heart swelled with
indescribable delight, and I began to think that after all I was not to
be laid entirely on the shelf
 I knew that Heartsell was going to be a
suitor for Lottie’s hand, and I considered him my most dangerous rival,
as I was aware of the fact that he was Mr
 Rockland’s favorite
 He bit
his lip with vexation as I led Lottie off to begin the waltz, while a
feeling of triumph swelled up in my bosom
 When the waltz was ended,
Lottie parted from me as she whispered:

“‘Now, Eddie, remember my guests, and try to help to entertain them
’

“As she left me, Heartsell drew up in front of me, and stared at me for
a moment, while I thought that I perceived something like a sneer of
contempt play for a second on his face
 ‘Hullo, Demar
’ he exclaimed,
‘where did you get that beautiful white rose?’

“‘That, sir, was fastened here by the prettiest girl in this room,’ I
replied, haughtily, as I drew myself up and walked away
 I saw his
cheeks grow purple with anger as he went toward Lottie, who was talking
with a middle-aged lady near by


“‘Miss Wallingford,’ he said as he bowed low before her, ‘will you honor
me with a short interview?’

“Without uttering a word, Lottie took his arm and was led out through a
side door which opened on the corridor
 They came round on the outside
of the room and stopped within six feet of the seat where I was, and
immediately opposite a window, the sash of which was up, but the
curtains were down
 I knew from the tone of Mr
 Heartsell’s voice that
he was angry with Lottie about something


“‘You seem to be enjoying yourself better than usual to-night
’

“‘Why should I not enjoy myself when I am among so many good kind
friends?’

“‘I am truly glad to see you enjoying the society of your very good
_friend_
’

“‘Why do you choose to use the singular number?’

“‘Because if you have any more than one friend (and I am happy to
believe you have), you have been very careful to avoid letting them know
that you recognized them
’

“‘Why, Mr
 Heartsell, how can you be so unjust as to say that?’

“‘How many times have you danced with me to-night?’

“‘Once
’

“‘How many times with Mr
 Campston?’

“‘I have not danced with him at all
’

“‘Did he ask you?’

“‘Yes
’

“‘How many sets have you danced with Demar?’

“‘Two
’

     “‘“Now, in the name of all the gods at once, upon what meat doth
     this our Cæsar feed that he is grown so great? Why, _man_, he doth
     bestride the narrow world like a Colossus, and we petty men walk
     under his huge legs and peep about to find ourselves dishonorable
     graves
”’

“‘If your sarcasm is intended for Mr
 Demar, I beg permission to say
that you might find a dishonorable grave without peeping about his legs
to find it
’

“‘Oh, I crave your pardon, Miss Wallingford, I assure you I meant no
offense; but candidly, I should be glad to know what Demar has done to
entitle him to such distinguished privileges? How is it that this great
Cæsar can monopolize the beauteous belle of the ball, while we petty men
must peep about among common people to find ourselves partners?’

“‘Mr
 Heartsell, it is not agreeable for me to listen to wit of this
nature, because Mr
 Demar has been to me a devoted friend, a true,
noble, unselfish brother
 Look at that scar on my wrist, if you please
’

“‘Well, I see it; what about that?’

“‘That scar was made by the poisonous fangs of a rattlesnake, and I
would have died in ten minutes but that this generous, heroic brother
drew the poison from my veins with his lips, and came very near losing
his own life by the brave deed
 Well may you compare him with Cæsar,
because, while you do it in jest, I will do it in earnest, for his
courage entitles him to all the honors that an inexperienced girl like
me can bestow
 If it should be my pleasure to grant him more favors
than I do to other gentlemen, I trust I can do so without giving offense
to them
’

“‘Ah, Miss Wallingford, you are an eloquent orator, and if Cæsar did
have his friend Marcus Antonius to defend him, Demar has a more eloquent
defender in you
 I envy him, and would make any sacrifice to win such
favors as fall to his share
 I dare say you are quite lucky to have two
such brave, good brothers as Demar and Wallingford
’

“‘Indeed, I think so, and am happy in the thought, too
’

“‘By the by, Miss Wallingford, you have lost that beautiful white rose
that I saw on your throat a while ago
’

“‘You are mistaken, sir, I did not lose it
’

“‘Ah, indeed
 I asked you to give it to me, and you refused; you
certainly did not present it to another gentleman?’

“‘And why should I not give it to whom I pleased; was it not mine?’

“‘Hem
 yes, I cannot deny that, but such partiality as that would clip
an insult very close, and I am loth to believe such a charming lady as
Miss Wallingford would offer an indignity to one who loves and who
esteems her so highly as I do
’

“‘Now, Mr
 Heartsell, I should be very unhappy if I thought I had given
you any just cause for offense, but in this instance I must say it
appears to me that you are manufacturing a mountain out of a mole-hill

If you desire it, I will present you with a basketful of roses this
instant
’

“‘No, no; you shall do nothing of the sort
 It was not the rose itself
that I cared for, but it was the emblem which would have come with it

May I know who was the lucky donee?’

“‘Certainly you may, for I assure you there is no secret connected with
it
 I had the _honor_ (she put the accent heavy on the honor) to present
the rose to my noble, heroic brother, Edward Demar
’

“Now we should never use extravagant language, and we should worship no
living being except God; but on that particular occasion I confess I
committed such a sin; though if the recording angel sets it down against
me, I believe he will credit me with a partial justification, at least

How could I sit there and hear the most charming woman in America
boasting of the _honor_ she had done herself by presenting a rose to
me, and not feel an inclination to fall down and worship her? How could
I hear her dear voice sounding eloquently in praise of me, without
thinking extravagant thoughts? The fact is, I was so much excited that
they might have heard the loud throbbings of my heart, if they had
listened
 I determined, however, to put an end to Mr
 Heartsell’s little
_tete-a-tete_, because I knew it would please her
 I went round on the
north side and passed across, coming up to where they stood, and coughed
as I approached, in order to notify Lottie of my arrival


“‘Your friends will be curious to know what has become of their fair
hostess, Miss Wallingford,’ I observed, as I halted by her side


“‘Ah, thank you, _brother_, for reminding me of my duty,’ she replied,
as she took my arm and bowed stiffly to Heartsell
 ‘We will finish our
little quarrel at another time, sir
’

“‘No, no; the victory is yours, and I make an unconditional surrender

Render unto Cæsar that which is his, but don’t crowd things on him that
don’t belong to him
’

“‘That fellow Heartsell is an impertinent scamp, and I mean to tell him
so
’

“‘If you do you will displease me beyond measure, for I think he is a
perfect gentleman; I am ashamed to say that I have treated him rather
unkindly to-night, and I mean to apologize as soon as I have an
opportunity
’

“‘Oh
 very well, if you love him, you should let him know it by all
means
’

“‘See here, Edward, I must request you not to mention Mr
 Heartsell’s
name in my presence any more to-night; and I will also ask you to excuse
me now, as I must really mingle among my guests, and give them some
attention
’

“Then she left me, and soon was surrounded by a crowd of young men
 I
did not have a chance to talk with her any more that night, and when I
went home my mind was full of strange conjectures and conflicting
emotions
 One question appeared to be pretty well settled, and that was
a perfect knowledge on my part that all my hopes of happiness would be
destroyed if Lottie should refuse to marry me
 Love is a strange
passion, and no one knows how it can upset a man’s equanimity, unless he
has learned it by actual experience
 It is a passion that produces
indescribable happiness to those who are loved in return, but of all the
distressing pains and horrible torture that mortal man ever felt, that
which he suffers when his mind is racked with doubt on that subject is
the greatest
 I had resolved a hundred times to have that question
settled, but when in Lottie’s presence my tongue was paralyzed and my
brain refused to lay out a sensible idea
 I had ordered a jeweler to
make an exquisite gold ring, with a beautiful diamond set, and had
Lottie’s and my name engraved on the inside
 This I had carried in my
pocket for two weeks, intending to ask her to accept it as an engagement
ring, but for reasons already stated I failed to do it
 I had written
out and memorized what I supposed to be an eloquent speech, which I
intended to deliver with the ring, but my courage oozed out the very
moment those large, beautiful blue eyes set their sight on me
 Lottie
had a strange habit of looking me square in the face, which never failed
to set my limbs to trembling and my heart to thumping
 I was considered
a privileged guest at Mr
 Rockland’s house, not by him, but by Lottie,
and I visited there often, and was frequently so unlucky as to meet Mr

Heartsell there, and sometimes other young men who had entered the
lists
 I watched Lottie very closely, but I could not tell whether she
loved any one of her suitors or not
 So far as I was able to judge, she
treated all alike


“I spent at least three days of each week strolling about by Lottie’s
side, half crazy with love for her, sometimes buoyed up with hope, at
others struggling with suspense and despair
 Summer was about to step
out, and autumn was ready to walk in
 The weather was hot and dry, while
dust and heat hung about over all things
 Vegetation was parched and
withered by the long drought, while gloom and dust combined to make me
very miserable, except when I was lingering with Lottie in her beautiful
flower garden, which, owing to her industry, was always delightful and
cool, for she had everything thoroughly watered every evening
 The east
side of her garden was thickly shaded with young magnolias, whose broad
green leaves protected the thick velvety turf that covered the ground
beneath
 The west side was set apart for flowers alone, and
notwithstanding the protracted drought that had prevailed, they looked
as fresh and vigorous as they did in May and June
 Old Uncle Zack, as
Lottie called the old negro gardener, was always anxious to please his
pretty nightingale (a pet name he had given Lottie)
 During her
attendance at the Kentucky school, Uncle Zack had been the manager of
her garden and her birds, and on her return she found that the duty had
been faithfully performed
 A charming summer-house stood near the east
boundary of the garden, all covered over with clustering vines and
blooming roses
 It was at this delightful spot that I had spent so many
happy hours with Lottie
 A large wooden table sat in the center of the
summer house, and low willow chairs were ranged around the sides, and
when the weather was fine the table was covered with books, maps, sheet
music, drawing materials, magazines and a guitar
 Lottie called this her
study, for that was the delightful spot where she practiced music and
drawing and reviewed her studies generally


“The time when I was to start to Philadelphia for the purpose of
attending the medical lectures was near at hand, and still I had not
been able to muster up the courage to make my love known to her
 Doctor
Dodson was anxious for me to start immediately, because he was uneasy
about my health, which was on the decline, but he had no suspicions as
to the cause
 He thought that a trip to the sea-coast would be
beneficial; then he had some business at New York and Boston which he
wanted me to transact for him
 I could have told him that no journey
would restore my health
 There was one thing, and only one, that could
ever bring health and happiness back to me
 I knew that could I be
assured of Lottie’s love, all would be well with me; but if that was
denied, I never would know health or happiness any more


“One sultry evening near the end of August, when the sun was about to
disappear in the West, after having scorched and burned the earth for
twelve consecutive hours, I found myself lingering in the summer-house
by Lottie, where I had been for a long time trying to collect the
necessary courage to tell her of my love


“‘Sing one more song for me, Lottie, before I go, please,’ said I, as I
drew my chair closer to hers


“‘What shall it be?’ she inquired, as she picked up her guitar and began
to run her fingers over the strings


“‘I would like to hear the one you sang the night of the ball--I do not
know its name
 It says something about a hero who loved you in the happy
days of old, who loves you now no more
’

“‘Oh, yes; I never will forget that song, for it is one of my favorites,
and my own composition
 Do you like it, Edward?’

“‘I like to hear you sing it, but I do not think I like the sentiment,
for I am sure no one ever loved you in the days of old who does not love
you now
’

“I saw a crimson tinge steal over her cheeks, as her beautiful eyes were
for a moment fixed on me


“‘A hero did love me, long ago, anyway, though I don’t know so well
about it now; but let that pass--we poor, foolish women should never
complain about anything
’

“She then began to tune the instrument, which was suspended by a broad
blue ribbon that passed over her left shoulder and was tied to a little
brass hook in each end of the guitar


“Lottie’s voice seemed to be in excellent tune, and in all respects
under her control, though it was low and tremulous; and when she came to
the line that said, ‘He loves me now no more,’ she looked me full in the
face, and repeated the line in a pathetic tone that brought the tears to
my eyes
 Every vein in my body was full of hot blood
 When Lottie came
to the last three lines her voice sank to a mere whisper, and I could
see that some unusual emotion was at work in her bosom
 She paused a
moment as the sweet echo of her voice gradually died away, and then she
turned round, and fixing her eyes upon me, repeated the last verse:

    “‘I remember every vow--
      A hero loved me then

      It crowds my memory now,
      For he kissed me on the brow,
      Then he sweetly told me how
      He loved me truly then
’

“She laid the guitar down and turned her face another way, and as I
leaned forward slightly, I saw something like a drop of dew trembling
on her cheek
 That little trembling tear settled my fate
 An
unaccountable boldness came upon me, and all my timidity disappeared,
and I was rash, impetuous, and I might say rude, because I seized her
hand and pressed it to my lips a dozen times in rapid succession
 My
impetuosity seemed to astonish and frighten her, and she began to move
away


“‘It is time I was in the house, Edward,’ said she as she moved away;
‘mother will be calling me if I don’t go
’

“‘No, no, Lottie
’ I exclaimed as I moved toward her; ‘don’t go now;
remember I am going away next week, to stay a long, long time, and we
never may meet again
 The fact of the business is, I think I never shall
come back to Memphis any more
’

“Her beautiful face grew a shade paler, but she soon regained composure:
‘Come along then, and let me show you my pretty birds,’ she said as she
moved toward a little latticed house that stood about fifty feet from
the summer-house
 I imagined she was endeavoring to get my mind fixed on
other subjects than the one on which my thoughts were bent
 I followed
her, and when we entered the cozy little house, the old parrot began to
laugh and chatter away


“‘Lottie
 Lottie
 Lottie
’ he screamed, as he leaped down on her
shoulder
 ‘Ah, ha
 here we come
 Lottie
 Lottie
 Lottie
 ah, ha
 here we
come
’

“‘How did he learn to imitate Doctor Dodson so perfectly?’ I asked


“‘The doctor frequently comes to see me, and old Roderick has heard him
so often that he has caught his expressions
’

“A mocking-bird was singing in a cage that sat on the joist, and a dozen
canaries were making sweet music in their little silver-mounted houses,
while an old jackdaw was muttering to himself in a wire cage
 Each bird
seemed to be making music for his own amusement, and on his own hook
 It
was a combination of discordant sounds, which might have been good music
if they could have been induced to sing one at a time
 It was a shrewd
maneuver of Lottie to decoy me to that place, for no man could talk loud
enough to be heard amid such an ear-splitting clatter as was made by
these birds


“I concluded that she had resorted to this strategic maneuver in order
to avoid the disagreeable revelation which she had guessed I was about
to make
 Then I became angry, and that increased my courage and made me
quite reckless, and I was determined to know my fate before I left
 I
believed she could read my inmost thoughts, for I had never seen her
more embarrassed than she was then
 The sun had entirely disappeared,
and a dark purple bank began to loom up in the East, indicating the
approach of twilight; while the face of the moon every now and then
peeped down through a column of white clouds that flew across the
horizon
 As the dew began to dampen the flowers around us, a delicious
fragrance arose and filled all the air with its ravishing sweetness
 I
took Lottie’s hand, and placing it under my arm, led her back to the
summer-house, and took a seat by her side
 Old Bob came up and laid his
head on my knee and began to whine, and tried to wag his tail, but it
was too short
 Notwithstanding the poor old dog was stone blind, it was
plain that he recognized me


“‘Lottie,’ said I, ‘this faithful old friend remembers me, and I am glad
to know that there is one living thing in this cold world that cares for
me
 I want you to take good care of him for my sake when I am gone, for
I guess I will not see him any more
 I never shall forget those happy
days when we were poor, homeless tramps--penniless, friendless and
simple, but hopeful and cheerful
’

“Her face was turned away--her eyes were bent on the ground, and she was
busy plucking the tender leaves from a bunch of roses, and scattering
them at her feet
 I knew from the rise and fall of her bosom that some
strong emotion was at work in her breast; but I thought it was caused by
an unwillingness to listen to my melancholy expressions


“Taking her left hand, I enclosed it in both of mine, and after holding
it a moment, I ventured to raise it to my lips and stamp it with many
fervent kisses; then I pressed it over my loud throbbing heart, while
her face was still turned away from me


“‘I wonder if any other man ever will press this little hand against his
heart, and call it his?’

“She instantly withdrew it with a sudden jerk, as if an insect had
stung her, and then fixing her expressive eyes on me with a reproachful
look, said:

“‘I declare, we must go to the house now; mother does not like to keep
tea waiting for any one
’

“‘She will excuse you when you inform her that I was making my farewell
visit; who knows that we ever shall meet again in this world?’

“Once more she turned her face away and gazed on the ground


“‘Lottie, here is a beautiful diamond ring I want you to wear; it will
prevent you from entirely forgetting the one who has always loved you
’

“As I uttered those words in a trembling tone, I took her hand and
slipped the ring on her finger, which she did not resist, nor did she
give any signs of assent; in fact, she did not seem to notice what I was
saying or doing; but I could see that she was deeply moved with
excitement, as her body was trembling violently


“‘Lottie, will you write me a letter occasionally when I am far away
from the one I love so dearly?’

“‘Yes, Edward, I will answer all your letters
’

“After I had placed the ring on her finger, I again pressed her
trembling hand against my heart


“‘Lottie, it will be a long time ere we meet again, and I suppose you
will be married to some distinguished man before my return?’

“A gentle shake of the head, and a slight jerk of the hand, was her only
answer


“‘Will you ever think of the boyish tramp who long ago claimed you as
his little wife, after I am gone?’

“‘Yes, Edward, I never shall forget the halcyon days of old, for
although we were poor, homeless wanderers, we were not unhappy
’

“‘Lottie, I loved that pretty little tramp devotedly then, and time has
increased that holy passion, until it has filled my heart, my mind, my
soul, my brain, my body, my thoughts, my dreams and my blood
 Fortune
has not lavished her favors on me, but that is not my fault
 I know I am
ignorant, green, poor and uneducated, doomed to occupy an humble sphere
in life, while the blind goddess has been more liberal in the bestowal
of her favors on you
 Your beauty and your talent alone would have
placed you on a plane far above my lowly valley; but when it is known
that you are to be a great heiress, I feel as if it would be too
presumptuous on my part to ask you to be mine
 I know that I have a
rough, ugly and awkward appearance--that I am not such a person as fine
ladies love to look on; but I possess a large, fond heart, that holds an
ocean of pure love for you
 Lottie, why do you not say something; why do
you turn your face away from me? Have I offended you by my presumption?
If I have dared to talk of love to you, it does not necessarily follow
that you are bound to give a favorable answer; in fact, I have no right
to expect you to make such a one
 If you cannot love me, say so, and I
promise never to annoy you any more with my suit, but will endeavor to
promote your happiness in every way I can
 I profess to be a man of
honor, and believe I possess a remarkable amount of pride--too much to
annoy any lady about my love who cannot return my honorable passion
’

“Her body now began to tremble more violently than ever, shaking like a
leaf stirred by the storm, but she still remained silent, and kept her
face averted


“‘Why do you not speak to me, Lottie? Am I to understand that the
refusal is caused by the scorn you feel for my presumption, or is it
because you hate to pronounce the doom which you know will consign me to
a life of misery? In the name of those happy days of old--in the name of
our dear, dead mother--in the name of the great ocean of love which this
poor heart holds for you, I implore you to speak to me now
’

“A tear then fell from my eyes, and dropped on her hand, which I still
held against my heart; that caused her to start up suddenly, and snatch
her hand away
 Then she gazed down at the tear which still glistened on
her hand, and I saw another tear start from her left eye and roll slowly
down her cheek--it trembled on her chin a second, and then fell right on
the one that still sparkled on her hand
 The two tears mingled into one,
and as they did so her head suddenly fell against my heart, and then I
knew that the great prize was mine
 Looking up into my face with a gaze
of unutterable sweetness, while tears were streaming from her beautiful
eyes, she whispered:

“‘Eddie, I have always loved you more than language can express, or mind
can imagine, and I was sure you knew it all the time
 I have never
thought of loving any one else; and I do not mean to allow you to
slander yourself any more in my presence as you have done here this
evening, for I think you noble-hearted, generous, intelligent and brave,
and I know you are very handsome
’

“I was too full of joy to speak; and the man who never kissed the lips
of a pure woman with a knowledge that her virtuous heart was all his
own, cannot understand the indescribable bliss that was mine


“‘Edward,’ she whispered, while her large, liquid blue eyes were rooted
on me, ‘have you ever read “Romeo and Juliet?”’

“‘Yes, darling, very often; but why do you ask the question?’

“‘My love for you is like that which Juliet felt for Romeo
 I gave you
my heart long, long ago, and if I had it back again then I would borrow
her sweet words which she employs in speaking to Romeo:

    “‘But to be frank and give it thee again,
      And yet I wish but for the thing I have

      My bounty is as boundless as the sea,
      My love as deep: the more I give to thee
      The more I have: for both are infinite
’

“‘The sentiment is very sweet, and the language appropriate and
expressive, but I trust that our love will not end so sadly as did that
of Romeo and Juliet
’

“In the midst of my great joy I did not forget to return my sincere
thanks to the great Creator, for bestowing on me such a precious gem


“‘Lottie, dear, I believe if you would try you could compose a sweet
song suited to this occasion, and I hope you will do so, and sing it
here every evening while I am far away
 Make the effort, and I dare say
you will compose one with sentiments as sweet as ever poet wrote; then
fix an hour at which you will come to this very spot and sing it, and I
will at the same hour steal away and commune with you in spirit, while I
gaze on yonder bright star, and listen with my imagination to the sweet
music my darling is making here for me
’

“‘Edward, I promise to make the attempt, and if I succeed, I will sing
it here at this lovely spot every evening at precisely nine o’clock,
when the sky is cloudless; and I will think of you while singing it
’

“‘And will my darling promise to be mine when I return, thereby making
me the happiest man that ever walked on the earth?’

“‘If papa gives his consent, and if brother Harry is willing, and if you
do not fall in love with, and marry, some beauteous Philadelphia belle,
and if I do not die of loneliness while you are so far away from me, and
if you do not withdraw the proposition, and if, upon reflection, you are
willing to take me with all my imperfections, why, then, I reckon so
’

“‘Now there are a great many if’s contained in that answer, but let it
rain if’s until I return, and I will surmount them all
 If my path was
sown thick with dragons’ teeth, and at every step producing armed men to
oppose me, I would march on to secure my great prize
’

“‘Edward, can you not postpone the time set for you to start to
Philadelphia for a few weeks?’

“‘Yes, and will gladly do so, for I must settle the question of the if’s
before I go
 I must know Mr
 Rockland’s mind, as well as Harry’s in
regard to our betrothal, before I leave Memphis
’”




CHAPTER X



“Well,” said Ivanhoe to Scottie, “what was it you wished to say to me?”

“Oh, I was dying of curiosity, you see, and I thought maybe you could
save my life by telling me something
 I declare, something strange is
going to happen; and you must tell me what it is
”

“It would be an easy task to tell you all about it, if I knew anything
about it myself; but as I happen to know nothing, how can I tell you
anything?”

“Pshaw
 You are no true knight, Sir Ivanhoe, else you would not let a
lady die of sheer curiosity, without an effort to save her
 You are not
like the brave knight of Ivanhoe of Sir Walter Scott’s creation
”

“Show me an enemy who fights with steel, face to face, and then you’ll
have cause to change your mind
 By the by, what discoveries have you
made about the black domino?”

“Very little, I assure you--just enough to keep me on the rack
 But have
you really unearthed no secret respecting the two seedy men?”

“Just enough to keep me on the rack, too
”

“Well, aren’t you going to tell me what it is?”

“I have been setting Greek against Greek, and you know what Byron says
will happen when Greek meets Greek
”

“Oh, bother Byron and his Greeks; tell me what you know?”

“I bribed the chamber-maid and set her on the track of the seedy men
”

“And, pray, what’s the result?”

“They are sure-enough detectives; that much I have discovered through my
spy
”

“Good
 What else?”

“They are shadowing some one on this boat
”

“They are doing what to some one on this boat?”

“Shadowing him
”

“Oh, is that all? You mean that they are keeping some one out of the
sunshine
”

“No, no
 I mean to tell you that they have spotted their man
”

“Spotted their man
 Poor fellow
 what color were the spots they put on
him?”

“Ah, Scottie, I perceive that you are not posted in regard to the
peculiar language usually employed by the police department; when a
detective officer sees a man who he thinks is the one he wishes to
catch, he begins to follow and watch him, and this is called shadowing
him
”

“Ah, indeed
 then what is meant by spotting their man?”

“The same thing
”

“Yes, yes, I see now; but who have they been spotting or shadowing?”

“Ingomar
”

“Goodness gracious
 Is it possible?”

“It is not only possible, but it is absolutely so
”

“I declare, that is too bad
 If I were a man I’d pitch ’em both
overboard, so I would
 They look like a brace of sneak thieves anyhow

What can they want with Ingomar?”

“That I don’t know; but you may be sure I’ll find out ere long, for I
have got a clever detective on their track; in other words, I have got
them spotted
”

“If a hundred witnesses were to swear that Ingomar was a criminal, I
wouldn’t believe it
”

“Don’t believe anything unless you want to, but what would you think if
it should turn out after all that Ingomar has murdered his rival in
love?”

“Oh, horrible
 Don’t speak so, I beseech you
”

“Such things have happened, and why not happen again?”

“Yes, but Ingomar is not a man of that sort; I’d risk my life on it
”

“Well, now, I have told you all I know, let’s hear about the black
domino
”

“I have found out scarcely anything, except the fact that she is very
sad, and is often found weeping in her state-room
 I have been watching
her closely, though she seems to avoid me as much as she can
 I think
the old gentleman with the white beard is her uncle, and I heard her say
to him this morning that she could not endure it much longer
”

“Endure what much longer?”

“That was all I heard; but she was weeping as if her heart would break,
and the old gentleman tried to comfort her, and I heard him say that the
matter should be settled in some way soon
”

“What matter did he say should be settled?”

“How should I know? I have told you all I heard
”

“I’ll put my detectives on her track, too, and I’ll unravel this
business, if it takes all the money I possess
 See here, Scottie, did
you know that I am dying with curiosity to know your real name?”

“Indeed, I did not
”

“Well it’s so; and why not relieve me?”

“Because the queen would be offended if I were to do it
”

“Tell me your real name, and the queen shall never know of it
”

“You shall know me when I know you, and not before
”

“Very well; that is fair, at all events, and I am content
 But I see the
queen beckoning us to come to our seats to listen to Ingomar’s story
”

As soon as the maskers were seated the queen ordered Ingomar to resume


“The next morning after Lottie had promised to be my wife, I mentioned
the subject to Doctor Dodson, as I considered it my duty to do so


“‘I am going to be married, sir,’ said I, ‘as soon as I get my diploma
’

“‘Ah, ha, indeed
 and pray who’s to be the unlucky woman that you have
resolved to render miserable for life?’

“‘I don’t intend to make any woman miserable, neither do I expect to
marry any woman
’ I said this rather sharply, as I felt a little
ruffled


“‘Ah, ha
 and you don’t mean to marry a woman, yet you say you are going
to be married
 I suppose you expect to marry a wood-nymph or a fairy
 I
guess you do not aspire to an angel
’

“‘That’s exactly the state of my case; it’s an angel sure enough
’

“‘When did she light on this part of the globe?’

“‘Seven years ago
’

“‘Ah, ha
 here we come, you sly old rascal
 I see how it is now
 I have
suspected you of villainous designs against Lottie for some time, and I
see I was not mistaken; but look here, my boy, that dear girl is too
good for you; she’s worth a thousand such bundles of humanity as you;
and right here let me say a few words with the bark on them
 If ever you
speak a cross word to that dear girl, or give her an unkind look, the
fact is, if you ever give her cause to regret her choice, I’ll--I’ll,
yes, I’ll, ah, ha
 I’ll give you a dose of strychnine, which is
considered by the profession the most polite way of getting rid of mean
dogs; ah, ha
 don’t you see, my boy?’

“He gave me a punch under the arm with his thumb
 ‘Yes, ah, ha
 I’ll
poison you as I would a rat or a dog, if ever you dare to cause my
little queen a moment’s pain
’

“‘I promise to swallow all the strychnine in the drug-stores if ever I
do an act willingly to give dear Lottie pain
’

“‘There
 there
 ah, ha
 spoken like a man
 Here we come; take my hand,
and my blessing with it, you rascal
 Ah, ha
 what a lucky scamp you are

What on earth possessed the girl, to make her fall in love with such an
overgrown mushroom
 Well, well, well
 I can scarcely believe that Lottie
is in earnest; she has agreed to marry you out of pure pity, you
good-for-nothing scamp
 Well, if Lottie is fool enough to marry you,
I’ll be fool enough to give her all my property in order to enable her
to support you; ah, ha
 you see how it is, don’t you, my boy?’

“I was very glad to see that the good old doctor was really delighted
with the news of my engagement


“‘Ah, ha
 Eddie, here we come, my boy
 go to work, go to work; you are
going to be the head of a family, you know, therefore you must have
something to support a family with
’

“‘What do you wish me to do, sir?’ I inquired


“‘Take an inventory of these drugs, of course; ah, ha
 my boy, take
stock, take stock; find out how the business stands
 See how the
business stands; see what’s on hand, and mind that you don’t lose too
much time thinking about Lottie
 Ah, ha
 my boy, you see how it is
yourself, don’t you? Take stock, find out everything
 How can a man
support a family without something to do it with? Ah, ha
 my boy, tell
me how it can be done? Can’t tell? of course you can’t; neither can
I--impossible
--family can’t be supported on air, or gas--must have
bread--bread, of course
 Well, how are you going to buy bread when you
have nothing to buy it with? Lottie must have bread--you know; therefore
go to work, take stock, take an inventory, then the business is half
yours; ah, ha
 you see now, don’t you, Eddie, my boy? Full partner
signboard: Dodson & Demar, Druggists and physicians, etc
, etc
, etc

Ah, ha
 do you see, Eddie, my boy? Lottie’s a lady, you know; must have
nice clothes; must have bread; money buys bread, money buys clothes,
money buys nice home; where does the money come from? Drug-store, of
course--full partner
 Ah, ha
 Eddie, my boy, here we come, Dodson &
Demar; now go to work, fix things lively, let me see balance sheet with
nice figures; have everything done up in apple-pie order; think of
Lottie as much as you please, but mind you don’t take a dose of dog
poison by mistake
 Do you know the reason why I like you, Eddie, my boy?
Ah, ha
 of course you do; ’tis because you don’t play billiards
 You
can’t play whist; you can’t play poker; you can’t play chess; you’re a
booby, that’s what you are, Eddie, my boy, ah, ha
 therefore I like you

I admire boobies, who can’t play billiards nor poker
 I’m a booby
myself, you see, consequently I like ’em
 Lottie likes boobies--that
accounts for her foolish love for you; she learned that from me; shows
her good sense
 I told her that boobies were the best in the long run;
billiard players, poker players, chess players, perfumed pretty boys are
splendid fellows in a short race, but when it comes to long heats, they
are always left behind
’

“Doctor Dodson had the utmost contempt for idle young men, and usually
expressed his opinion in language by no means complimentary to that
class
 I was highly pleased to know that I was to be admitted into the
firm as an equal partner--it would enable me to support my Lottie as a
lady in that station of life to which her accomplishments and beauty
entitled her
 It was my duty to make known my engagement to Mr

Rockland, and to ask his consent to our marriage; and this was a task
which I dreaded exceedingly; because I was not so sure that he would
sanction the union
 Mr
 Rockland was a first-class lawyer who had
accumulated a splendid fortune by his profession, and he was one of
those austere, cold-natured kind of men whose ambition had usurped many
of his good qualities; yet he loved Lottie with all his heart, and so
did his wife; but I had a strong suspicion that they were inclined to
encourage Mr
 Heartsell in his suit for Lottie’s hand
 The more I
thought the matter over, the more I dreaded to mention it to Mr

Rockland; I had a high regard for him because he loved Lottie
 He had
given her a home, a real happy home, where she had been surrounded with
all the comforts and luxuries that money could procure; he had given her
a first-class education--nay, more than that, he had educated Harry, who
was now preparing to enter the legal profession with brilliant
prospects
 Mr
 Rockland was always busy--in fact, he was injuring his
health by incessant labor, and I knew he would be annoyed if I should
attempt to seek an interview with him during business hours; I therefore
watched for an opportunity to speak to him when he should be passing
from his office to his residence
 One evening, about three days after
Lottie had promised to marry me, I saw Mr
 Rockland walking toward his
residence, with a large bundle of papers under his arm
 He was looking
very pale and sad, and I felt my knees trembling as I approached him for
the purpose of speaking to him about Lottie


“‘Are you in a great hurry, Mr
 Rockland?’ I inquired timidly


“‘Yes, Edward,’ was the solemn answer, ‘I am always in a hurry; but why
do you ask the question?’

“‘I was wanting to speak to you about a matter of great moment; but if
you are busy, I can wait
’

“‘Will it occupy much time, Edward?’

“‘No, sir
’

“‘Then walk with me to my residence, and I’ll hear what you have to
say
’

“I walked in silence by his side as he led the way to his home
 Lottie
met us at the gate, and greeted Mr
 Rockland with a kiss, then took my
arm


“‘What is the matter with you, Eddie? you look as if you had been ill
’

“‘You must be mistaken, Lottie, for I never was in better health in my
life
’

“‘Come then with me into the garden; I wish to show you my new pet--it
is the prettiest one of all
’

“‘I beg you will excuse me just now; I have come to see Mr
 Rockland on
a matter of importance; and he has kindly granted me an interview; when
that is attended to, I shall be more than pleased to see your pets
’

“She looked inquiringly up into my face: ‘Oh, very well, I will excuse
you on that plea
 You know you men are always thinking of business
’

“I don’t think she had any idea of the nature of the business I had come
to attend to
 She walked by my side till we arrived at the house; then
placing her mouth to my ear, she whispered:

“‘Don’t be long about the business--I am dying to be with you
’

“‘What’s that you are whispering to Edward about, Lottie?’ said Mr

Rockland, with his low, solemn voice


“‘Oh, never mind, papa
 you go in and attend to your business, and don’t
be inquisitive; you are so much accustomed to cross-examining witnesses
in court that you wish to practice on me to keep from getting rusted

You can’t pump me as you do other witnesses; so there now, go along
about your business
’ And as she finished the sentence she threw her
arms about his neck and gave him two or three kisses
 ‘Now go, you dear
old darling you
’ Then she went capering off toward the garden, while
Mr
 Rockland’s eyes followed her with an eager look of intense love


“‘Ah, Mr
 Demar,’ said he, as he stood and gazed at Lottie, ‘she is the
sweetest darling in the world; do you know that I love her just as much
as I could if she were my own child? She is the most extraordinary girl
I ever saw, sir; the most charming disposition; sings like a
nightingale
 I have employed an eminent music teacher, and mean to bring
out her great genius
 She has been taught music, but it was by ordinary
teachers; the one I have secured lately is of a different sort
 The fact
of the business is, Mr
 Demar, that girl has so wound herself about my
heart that it would kill me to lose her
 My wife loves her dearly; but,
sir, the feeling I have for her goes beyond mere love--it is something
like idolatry--soul worship; something which one may feel, but which he
can’t describe
 I mean to will all my property to Lottie; and I may be
permitted to say to you, Mr
 Demar, confidentially, that it will be no
inconsiderable sum
 She will be ahead of any girl in Memphis, so far as
wealth is concerned, and far beyond them in the way of accomplishments

Be seated, Mr
 Demar,’ said Mr
 Rockland, at the same time taking his
seat at the table opposite to me
 ‘I’ll hear you now
’

“I gasped for breath, and felt like one choking; I struggled
desperately to regain self-possession, and succeeded sooner than I
thought I should
 The fact is, I became very angry at seeing the cold,
unfeeling expression that settled on Mr
 Rockland’s face; and I began to
reason with myself: ‘Why should I tremble in this man’s presence? Why
should I be afraid of him? What right had he acquired that he should be
able to hold my fate in the hollow of his hand? What if he did love
Lottie--didn’t I love her more than he did? Why should I be compelled to
come as an humble suppliant to him, begging him to give Lottie to me?
What right had he to give her to anybody? How came she to be his
property? Who should dare dispute my superior claim to her?’

“‘Mr
 Rockland,’ said I, ‘Lottie has promised to be my wife, and I
thought perhaps it was proper to tell you of it
’ I did not ask his
consent, which it was really my duty to do; but, as I have said, I was
angry at the austerity and coldness of his manner, and tried to assume
an independence which I now think was wrong
 Mr
 Rockland made a grab at
a chancery bill that lay near him, and commenced turning over the pages
as if he were looking in it for an answer to my words
 I thought I saw a
slight tremulousness in his hand as he held the paper, while his face
turned a shade paler


“‘It was very imprudent in Lottie, to say the least of it, and I must
say, Mr
 Demar, that common courtesy should have induced you to mention
the matter to me before saying anything to Lottie
 She is young and
inexperienced--much too young to think of matrimony
’

“‘I will wait, sir, until she is old enough,’ said I


“Mr
 Rockland patted the floor with his boot-heel, and tapped the table
with the chancery bill, and I thought he was viewing me with contempt

The blood burned in my cheeks, and doubtless made them very red; he
remained silent for some time, as if undecided as to what he should say
next; at length he struck the table a sharp blow with the bill and said:

“‘Lottie is not my daughter, Mr
 Demar; but she has been placed under my
protection, and I consider it to be my duty to act in this matter as if
she were my own child
 Doubtless she imagines that she is in love with
you; young girls of her age always act foolishly, no doubt; but I
suppose it to be a mere childish fancy, and not, as you imagine, a real
love affair
 Therefore, you will pardon me for suggesting the propriety
of canceling what you are pleased to call an engagement, leaving her
free to act as her best judgment may dictate when she arrives at an age
that will enable her to view things from a more matured standpoint
’

“‘If Lottie wishes to cancel the engagement, Mr
 Rockland, it may be
done
 But, sir, I think you are mistaken when you conclude that her love
for me is a mere girlish fancy
 We have loved each other for many years,
and I assure you it is no common love either
’

“‘No doubt you think so, Mr
 Demar; and your confidence in that respect
may help us to arrive at a proper understanding
 If (as you think) she
really loves you with such a true devotion, you certainly will not
object to allowing the engagement to be canceled, with the understanding
that it may be remade when Lottie shall arrive at the age of twenty-one,
provided she then may wish it
’

“‘I can only repeat what I have said before, Mr
 Rockland; if Lottie
wishes to be released, by all means let it be done; otherwise, I must
beg you to let the engagement remain undisturbed
 But, sir, I am willing
that the marriage may be postponed until I shall have obtained my
diploma, and settled down to work in my profession; meantime understand
me, sir; if at any time Lottie shall intimate a wish to be released from
her engagement, I promise to raise no objections
’

“‘Very well, sir; if such is your decision I must acquiesce, of course;
therefore, you must promise not to mention the matter to Lottie any more
until I shall have interviewed her on the subject
’

“‘Certainly, I give you the promise most cheerfully
’

“‘You must promise further than that, Mr
 Demar; you must pledge your
honor not to speak to Lottie at all until I have had a talk with her

She is in the garden now
 You will return to your place of business, and
allow me to make your excuse for leaving without seeing her
’

“I hesitated, because my suspicions were roused
 I did not like the
cold, iron look that appeared on his face, nor the evasive expression
of his piercing dark eyes
 I was afraid he intended to make Lottie
believe it was my wish that the marriage engagement should be broken
off--else why was he so anxious for me to go away without seeing her?
Noticing my hesitation, he evidently divined the cause, for he said:

“‘Oh, you need not fear to make the promise, Mr
 Demar; I will do
everything openly and above board
 I shall, of course, endeavor to
convince Lottie of the great error she has committed
 No dishonorable
means shall be resorted to
 I shall say nothing to her behind your back
that I would not say to your face; but I only wish to have a talk with
her alone, when she is not influenced by your presence; that’s all, I
assure you, Mr
 Demar
’

“‘You will not try to make her believe that I wish the engagement
broken?’

“‘Certainly not; how could I do that when I know you don’t wish anything
of the sort?’

“His frank, candid manner re-assured me, and I made the promise, and
immediately took my leave
 As I passed out through the gate Lottie saw
me, and called me to come to her
 I shook my head and passed on

Notwithstanding the distance that lay between us, I could plainly see
the look of astonishment that overspread her beautiful face
 She had
started to meet me, almost in a run, but when she perceived that I was
avoiding her she came to a sudden halt, and the little basket she held
in her hand instantly fell to the ground, scattering the flowers round
her feet, while she appeared to be struck dumb with wonder
 What could I
do? Had I not given my most solemn promise not to speak to her until Mr

Rockland could have an interview with her? When I saw the painful
expression of her dear face I wheeled round and started toward her; then
recollecting the promise I had made, I hastened away
 I began to snuff
danger in the breeze


“Mr
 Rockland was an honorable man--so were Cæsar’s assassins all
honorable men
 Mr
 Rockland thought it was his duty to prevent the
marriage between Lottie and me--the lean and hungry Cassius thought it
was his duty to kill Cæsar
 Mr
 Rockland did not think of this poor
heart of mine, or care how it would wither and die if he took Lottie
from me--Brutus did not think or care for the heart of his friend, as he
plucked away the bloody blade from Cæsar’s heart
 If Mr
 Rockland
thought it was his duty to have the engagement broken off, I felt
certain that he would leave no means unused which would tend to
accomplish it
 I thought then, and think yet, he was really an honest,
conscientious man; but what will a man not do in order to gain his
object, when he feels that in doing it he is performing his duty? More
cruelties have been committed by men while doing what they believed to
be their duty than ever were committed wantonly
 I suppose that
Jeffries, the bloody tool of a tyrant, thought he was performing his
duty as an impartial judge when he was making all the air of England
shriek with the cries of dying victims


“I left Mr
 Rockland in his library
 He rang a little bell, which was
answered by a servant


“‘Tell Lottie I wish to see her in my library immediately
’

“In a few moments she came in with an inquiring look on her face


“‘What is it, papa? Tell me quick--I am in a great hurry
’ She had come
up behind his chair, and was running her fingers through his gray hair,
every now and then pressing a kiss on his brow


“‘Oh, you dear old darling
 why don’t you commence? can’t you see I am
all attention? What made you let Eddie run off like a thief? Don’t you
think when I called him back he shook his shaggy head and refused to
come
 Now, papa dear, what have you been doing to my Eddie?’

“‘How came he to be your Eddie?’

“‘Because he loves me, and I love him; now the cat’s out of the bag
’

“‘Nonsense, child
 I implore you not to talk so foolishly
’

“‘No nonsense about it at all; pray where does the foolish part come in?
Is it wrong, papa, to love such a dear fellow as my Eddie?’

“‘It was wrong for a girl of your age to enter into an engagement
without consulting any one; and that was what I wished to speak to you
about
’

“‘Oh, indeed
 was it? Now, you dear old darling, you aren’t going to
scold me about it, are you? No, of course you won’t; if you do, I’ll
make your tea as weak as water, and I’ll put pepper in your toast till
it shall burn you up, indeed I will
’

“‘I couldn’t have the heart to scold my darling
’

“As Mr
 Rockland said this he threw his arms round her waist and drew
her to his heart, covering her brow with a kiss
 Mr
 Rockland was
vanquished; her charms were irresistible; and the great lawyer, with
nerves of steel and an iron will, who could brow-beat witnesses,
intimidate judges and over-ride facts, found himself confounded,
vanquished and helpless--all done by a pretty face and two large, dreamy
blue eyes
 The truth of the matter is, Mr
 Rockland loved Lottie so
devotedly that he was unable to withstand her displeasure


“‘Take a seat, Lottie,’ he said, ‘and let us come to an understanding in
this business at once; sit down, and we will talk the matter over
dispassionately, like sensible people
’

“Lottie took a chair on the opposite side of the table, and fixing her
beautiful eyes on him, said:

“‘I’ll hear what you have to say, papa
’

“The man of iron returned the gaze with a cold, calm look
 After a long
silence he said:

“‘Lottie, my dear child, you know I love you as I love life
 The only
aim I have is to promote your happiness; and I demand of you permission
to cancel this foolish engagement which you have so imprudently entered
into with Edward Demar
 Have I your permission to cancel it?’

“‘Only on condition that Eddie wishes it to be canceled
’

“‘Mr
 Demar did not say he wished the engagement canceled; but he agreed
that it should be done if you were willing, and authorized me to say as
much to you
’

“The blood left her cheeks for a moment, then came back with a
tremendous rush, yet she managed to keep calm


“‘Send for Eddie now, papa, and let me hear him say he is willing to
annul our engagement
’

“‘That is unnecessary, Lottie; you have my word that such is his wish,
and you know me too well to suspect me of prevarication; again I
command you to break off this most absurd and imprudent engagement; will
you, or will you not, do it? I demand an answer, yes or no?’

“Lottie’s bosom rose and fell with unusual emotion, while her eyes were
fixed on Mr
 Rockland


“‘Yes or no, Lottie?’ again demanded the man of iron


“‘Dear, dear papa, for Heaven’s sake don’t ask me to be false to the man
I love
 I’ll not marry him until he returns from Philadelphia; by that
time I will be better able to make you a sensible answer, but I beseech
you not to press me so now; you know how I love you--you know how much I
appreciate your kindness to me; listen, therefore, to my entreaty--grant
me time for reflection
’

“‘Not another moment will I give you to make an answer to such a
sensible request; any girl whose judgment was not choked with a foolish
infatuation would be able to answer such a reasonable demand without a
moment’s reflection
 Do you wish to tie yourself to a man who is anxious
to get rid of you?’

“‘No, no
 a thousand times, no, papa; and no one knows this better than
you
’

“‘Then, Lottie, for the last time, I demand authority from you to cancel
this foolish engagement; will you, or will you not, give it?’

“‘Not unless Eddie wishes it,’ was the calm reply


“At last the man of iron lost his temper:

“‘Then, Miss Wallingford, you will oblige me by seeking a home
elsewhere
’

“‘Oh, papa, dear, darling papa
 please unsay those cruel words
 I am not
afraid of hardships; neither am I afraid of poverty, but it is your
displeasure that I dread more than all
 I love you truly, earnestly,
devotedly, as much as any child ever loved a parent
 Oh, papa, revoke
those cruel words
’

“‘Leave me, leave me
’ thundered the lawyer, as he pushed Lottie away
from him rather roughly
 She retreated to the farther end of the room
and stared at Mr
 Rockland with astonishment, while a mysterious change
came over her
 She approached the table, took a seat, and hastily penned
a note to Edward Demar:

     “‘DEAR EDDIE--Come to me as quickly as you can
 I wish to consult
     you on important business
 Yours,

     “‘LOTTIE
’

“Then she touched a little silver bell that lay on the table and a
man-servant bowed himself in at the door


“‘Did you ring, miss?’ inquired the servant


“‘Take this note to Mr
 Edward Demar without delay; you’ll find him at
Doctor Dodson’s drug-store
 Tell Burley to come to me instantly
’

“‘The man servant had scarcely passed the veranda when Burley, a mulatto
woman, appeared at the door


“‘Did you send for me, miss?’

“‘Pack my clothes in the large trunk, Burley; then get Archie to help
you bring it down; set the trunk on the front portico; tell Archie to
put my parrot in his cage, and to bring all my pets and place them by my
trunk
 Tell him to tie a string round old Bob’s neck, so I can lead the
poor blind friend along while I am seeking a new home
 Old Bob and I
have been tramps many days together, and we’ll not part now
’

“‘Oh, Lottie, my darling, come to your old cruel papa’s arms
 I give
up--I surrender--I take back all I have said
 Marry Eddie if you will,
but don’t leave me--I can’t live without you; you shall have your own
way in everything
’

“Lottie, of course, went into Mr
 Rockland’s arms, and covered his brow
with kisses
 That was what I call a triumph of woman’s rights
 Here was
a lawyer who commanded money, influenced courts, directed banks,
intimidated witnesses, cleared guilty clients, compelled judges to bow
to his great talent; and then in comes a weak little girl and rules him,
the same as a raw recruit is ruled, by the commanding general
 She bids
him go, and he goes--she commands him to come, and he comes
 Talk about
woman’s rights
 What on earth do women want with any more rights than
they have? They have complete control of the world--because they control
man, and through him the world
”

“There is the gong for lunch,” observed the queen, “and you may suspend
until it is over
 It is our wish, though, that our friends re-assemble
here immediately after luncheon, to hear more of the story
”




CHAPTER XI



“Suppose you and I don’t go down to luncheon,” said Scottie to Ivanhoe;
“I am not a bit hungry, and would very much prefer remaining up here;
how is it with you?”

“That’s my fix, exactly; I’m glad you mentioned it
 Take my arm, and let
us have a walk and a talk both
”

“Agreed; now what did your spy report, a moment ago, about the two
detectives?”

“I shall find out everything that is going on
 It is such rare sport,
too, to be tracking detectives who imagine themselves to be so clever
”

“Oh, bother the clever detectives
 tell me what you know
”

“Now, Scottie, don’t you begin to lose your temper; you know I have made
a confidante of you
”

“I think you and I ought to be very good friends
”

“So do I
”

“I think we ought to know more about each other
”

“So do I
”

“When do you intend to tell me who you are, Scottie?”

“As soon as the queen gives her consent
”

“What has the queen got to do with it, I should like to know?”

“No doubt you would; but I have given my solemn promise not to reveal
her name nor my own to any person without her permission; and she has
promised that as soon as Ingomar’s story is finished all secrecy may be
discarded
 But now I want to hear what you have discovered about the two
seedy men
”

“They are going to arrest Ingomar, and take him off at Vicksburg; he is
charged with a bloody murder (so the seedy men say)
 They state that he
committed the crime somewhere in Mississippi, and while in jail awaiting
trial managed to make his escape
 The friends of the murdered man
offered a large reward for the capture of the perpetrator, and then the
State added another large sum to that offered by the friends of the
deceased, and those two seedy men are officers from Mississippi who have
got Ingomar spotted
”

“Does Ingomar know they are watching him?”

“No, I think not
”

“Then why not warn him of the danger?”

“That would be wrong, because if he is guilty he ought to suffer; if he
is innocent he is in no danger
”

“Do you believe he is guilty?”

“I can’t say that I do, for I know nothing about it
 I shall therefore
accept the legal theory, which regards every man innocent until the
contrary is established by competent proof
”

“It would require a pile of evidence as high as Pike’s Peak to make me
believe that Ingomar is a murderer
”

“So it would to convince me
”

“What have you discovered about the mysterious lady in the black
domino?”

“Ah, my spy has met her match there
 With all her cleverness, the black
domino is too much for her
 One circumstance, however, has been brought
to the surface; the black domino is shadowing Ingomar too, and the
strangest thing about it is, that she is not in any manner working with
the seedy men--it’s a separate game
”

“Goodness gracious
 what on earth can it all mean?”

“I’m sure I don’t know; I wish I did
”

“Perhaps she is the wife of the murdered man; or she may be his sister,
or his sweetheart, who is watching him
”

“Can’t say as to that; but it is certain that she is shadowing him
 One
circumstance connected with her, however, tends to prove your theory
about it
 The lady in the black domino seems to be unusually melancholy
all the time--has often been seen weeping, and never speaks to any one

That goes to prove that she has lost a dear friend or relative; and it
may be, as you say, that she was related to the man who was murdered
”

“The truth is, I can’t stand this suspense much longer; I shall die of
mere curiosity if things don’t change soon
”

“I beg you not to make a die of it, Scottie, before I get a look at your
face
”

“And pray why should you wish to see my face?”

“I am sure I should like it
”

“Suppose you did like it--what would that signify?”

“It might bring about a coincidence, you know
”

“Look, look
 there comes the black domino; see how she follows Ingomar

I saw her pointing at him just now, and whispering something in her
uncle’s ear
 The whirlwind is going to burst on us ere long; don’t you
think so?”

“Indeed I do
 There is a strange game being played on this boat--it may
end in a tragedy
”

“Pray don’t talk that way--you frighten me
 I think I had better mention
the matter to the queen, and have this nonsense ended at once
”

“No, no
 don’t do that, by any means, I beseech you
 Our best plan is to
remain silent and wait for the denouement
”

“Be it so, then, sir knight
 You shall be my champion when the war
begins
”

“I shall be proud of the honor--I’ll emblazon my banner with the name of
Scottie, in letters of gold, and fight the world in arms in defense of
my lady-love
 Then I’ll imitate the brave Spanish king, when he met Sir
Roderick Dhu on Clanalpine’s lofty height
 You know he threw himself
against a rock--which I’ll do when the fight opens
”

“But there are no rocks here, you see
”

“Oh, never mind that; I’ll make the pilot-house answer for the rock

I’ll just throw myself against it while you can hide inside, and then
hear me cry:

    “‘Come one, come all
 this rock shall fly
      From its firm base as soon as I
’”

“Brave, bravo
 my gallant knight
 I’ll swap my domino for a laurel
crown, to deck the brow of my brave champion
”

“There, there, Scottie, I cry enough
 Come, let us join our
friends--they are waiting for us yonder
 Don’t you see the queen is
beckoning to you?”

“When I received Lottie’s note requesting me to come to her immediately,
you may guess how my heart fluttered--for I thought something serious
had surely occurred, and but very few moments elapsed before I was at
the gate in front of Mr
 Rockland’s residence
 It was a considerable
walk from the drug-store to his residence, and I was compelled to halt
in order to rest a moment before entering, as I wished to appear
composed
 While I was leaning against a tree wiping the perspiration
from my face and panting with fatigue, I saw Lottie coming rapidly
toward me
 She had been watching for me


“‘Oh, Eddie, it’s all settled
’ she exclaimed, as she caught both my
hands in hers
 I made a move as if I were going to take her in my arms

She gently pushed me back
 ‘Don’t be quite so familiar, Eddie--can’t you
see papa looking at us? Oh, such a storm as we have had here to-day

Papa ordered me to go away from his home because I wouldn’t let him tell
you that I wanted our engagement broken off
”

“‘Well, why didn’t you take him at his word? you knew where you could
find another home
’

“‘I did, but the good, dear old darling relented before I could pack my
things, and fell to hugging and kissing me, and wouldn’t let me go
’

“‘Lottie, Mr
 Rockland is really a good man, and I respect him very
much--mainly because he loves you
’

“‘Indeed he is
 and my heart was most broken when he ordered me to go
away; but did you wish to have our engagement broken off?’

“‘No, you know I did not
 What could have put such an idea as that into
your mind? Mr
 Rockland did not tell you I wished it ended, did he?’

“‘He didn’t say that you said so, but he said you were willing to cancel
it if I would consent to it
’

“‘Ah, I see now how it is: Mr
 Rockland put the case very strong in
favor of his side
 That was a good stroke of policy, you see, Lottie;
you didn’t believe for a moment that I wanted to have the engagement
canceled?’

“‘No, I did not
’

“‘I declare, Lottie, I never saw you look so pretty before
’

“‘I am truly glad that you think so; it makes me very happy to please
you
’

“‘Ah
 how could I be otherwise than well pleased when I know Lottie
loves me? I feel like a new man since I found it out
 Will my Lottie
always love me?’

“‘Yes, of course I will; I am so very, very happy when you are with me,
and so miserable when you are away from me
 What shall become of poor me
when my Eddie goes away to Philadelphia?’

“‘Let us look forward to the happy day that brings me back to my love

Let us keep our minds on the bright future, when we shall be always
together
’

“‘I wish I could do that, but I cannot; I shall all the time be thinking
you are ill, or that something has gone wrong with you
 I should die if
you were to fall ill among strangers
’

“‘I’ll take good care of myself for your sake; I’ll be prudent in all
things, and let you know if anything goes wrong; but you must do the
same
’

“‘Let us go in; I see Mr
 Rockland waiting for you--he is going to talk
to you about our engagement, and you must be careful not to offend him
’

“‘Fear nothing on that score; I think we will now come to an
understanding entirely satisfactory to all parties concerned
’

“Mr
 Rockland met me on the portico with his cold, placid smile, and
directed me to follow him into the library
 He also asked Lottie to go
with us
 Pointing to a seat, he requested me to take it; Lottie stood
calmly by my chair, while Mr
 Rockland took his usual seat on the
opposite side of the table


“‘Mr
 Demar,’ he began, with his austere tone of voice, ‘I have had an
interview with Lottie on the subject about which we were speaking a
short while ago
’

“‘So Lottie told me, Mr
 Rockland
’

“‘Her views and mine differed somewhat; but we have managed to reconcile
them to some extent; and we may therefore reasonably hope to have all
things amicably settled
’

“‘I am truly glad to hear it, Mr
 Rockland
’

“‘Thank you, Edward; are you willing to promise me that the marriage
shall be deferred until the end of two years from this date?’

“‘Indeed, Mr
 Rockland, I should like very much to be able to comply
with your request, but why not let the marriage be solemnized when I
return from Philadelphia in the spring?’

“‘Lottie would be too young to marry then
’

“‘Grant papa’s request, Eddie,’ said Lottie; ‘I am very willing to put
it off indefinitely, if you can be with me often
’

“That settled the question; so it was agreed that Lottie should be my
wife at the end of two years


“‘Come,’ said Lottie, as she took my arm, and looking up at me, her
sweet little mouth puckered up in a comical shape; ‘we’ll go to the
study now, as everything has been settled between you and papa; I want
to show you some new flowers that I have secured; oh, they are such nice
ones
 They flourish better in the fall season than they do in the
spring
’

“She led me through her flower garden, stopping occasionally to point
out the different plants, giving a graphic description of their nature
and the manner of their culture; and when we came near the summer-house
the old parrot began to chatter:

“‘Ah, ha
 Lottie
 here we come--here we come
’

“‘Can’t he say anything but that, Lottie?’ I inquired


“‘Oh, yes, he can talk a great deal when he takes a notion
 Did you know
I had a letter from Viola, Eddie?’

“‘No, have you?’

“‘Yes; let me read it to you; she writes such a nice, smooth hand, and
her letter is so friendly; but here it is:

     “‘NEW YORK, AUG
 16


     “‘DEAR LOTTIE--I must first offer an apology to you for neglecting
     to answer your last letter
 You must not for a moment think that
     the delay was caused by a lack of love for you on my part
 When
     your letter came I had not returned from my boarding school, but as
     soon as I came home and found your darling letter I lost no time in
     answering it
 Oh, Lottie, I am so happy just now that I cannot find
     words to tell you as I should like to do
 Papa has consented to let
     me spend the winter in Memphis, and you may look for me by the last
     of September
 Oh, isn’t that delightful? Won’t we have lots of fun?
     I often think of you and your heroic little brother--but I ought
     not to speak of him as your little brother now, I suppose, because
     he must be a man by this time
 I have his picture, you know,
     Lottie, and oh, how much I do think of it
 I keep it next to my
     heart all the time
 All the gold in California could not buy it
     from me
 I expect Harry has changed very much since we parted--you
     know I was only a little child then, but now I am a great,
     overgrown mushroom--and as green as a half-grown gourd
 Dear papa
     says I am pretty, but you know evidence of that kind is unreliable;
     still I confess I should like to know it was true
 You may tell
     Harry--I suppose I ought to say Mr
 Wallingford--that I have not
     forgotten him, and I don’t think I ever shall
 I was so glad to
     hear that he was going to make a great lawyer of himself
 Mr

     Rockland says, in his letters to papa, that Mr
 Wallingford
     possesses great talent, and will be sure to distinguish himself
     some day
 Would you believe it, I shed lots of joyful tears when
     papa read the letter to me? I envy you; how happy you must be
 how
     proud of such a brave, heroic, talented brother
 You see, I am well
     posted in everything that concerns you and your noble brother
 I
     often wonder if he ever thinks of the little foolish girl he kept
     from being crushed to death by the engine? I wonder if he has
     forgotten how he and I went rolling and tumbling down the
     embankment together
 I was so much delighted at your description of
     your flower garden; I know I shall enjoy it very much
 You people
     of the dear sunny South have great advantages over us in that
     respect
 I think I should like to live in the South all the time
 I
     suppose you knew I had a darling little brother--yes, I know you
     did, because I remember now that I told you of it in my other
     letters
 Poor little fellow, he is not a healthy child at all; he
     is now nearly five years old, and looks like a mere baby, though
     papa says he will come out all right after a while
 Did I ever tell
     you what his name was? I don’t think I did
 Well, you see mamma and
     papa couldn’t agree on a name for him, and, to keep peace in the
     family, it was agreed that I should have the honor of selecting his
     name
 What do you think I did? I named him after your heroic
     brother
 We call him Wallie
 That, you know, is an abbreviation of
     Wallingford
 He was baptized as “Harry Wallingford Bramlett,” and
     papa and mamma were both delighted with the good selection I made

     But I must close now, because I fear I have made this letter too
     long, anyway
 Present my highest regards to your brother, and
     accept my best, truest love for yourself, and write soon to

     “‘Your true friend,

     “‘VIOLA
’

“‘That’s a splendid letter, Lottie, for a girl of sixteen to write,’
said I, when it was read through


“‘She is not quite sixteen yet, either,’ said Lottie


“‘That document conveys the best news, my darling, that I have heard
since you told me you would be mine
’

“‘To what part of it do you refer?’

“‘That wherein she says she is going to spend the winter with you
 It
will be a great consolation for me to know, when I am so far from you,
that you will have such a sweet friend for a companion
 I was thinking
of the long, dreary winter days and nights that you would be compelled
to pass through all alone, but now how could you be lonely with such a
lively little cricket as Viola?’

“‘I dare say she will prove a great comfort to me, yet she cannot fill
the aching void that will be caused by your absence
’

“As she said this her large dreamy eyes were glancing up at me, while a
tear trembled in each, and I drew her head against my breast, too happy
to speak
 I led her to a seat, letting her fair cheek remain resting on
my heart, while my mind went straying into the future
 A thousand
thoughts of various kinds intruded on me--some pleasant, others very
different
 What if Mr
 Rockland should resort to strategy, during my
absence, to entrap my Lottie into a marriage with Heartsell? What if he
should throw his great intellect, with his vast wealth and influence
into the balance against me? Would my Lottie be able to withstand it?
Would she be able to do battle successfully against such odds? These
unwelcome questions forced themselves upon me, causing a shudder to dart
through my body
 Lottie felt the shock, and exclaimed:

“‘What’s the matter? why do you tremble so? I declare, your heart made a
violent jump just now, then began to flutter and knock against your
breast; what does it mean?’

“‘I was thinking how I should feel if you were to cease loving me, when
I went away, and should marry Mr
 Heartsell
’

“She started up, looking at me reproachfully: ‘How can you talk so;
didn’t you know I had rejected Mr
 Heartsell’s offer?’

“‘Indeed I did not; I was not aware of the fact that he had made it,
though I knew he intended to do so
’

“‘Well, he has done it, and you may be easy now
’

“‘Tell me what he said, and what you said
’

“‘Mr
 Heartsell, I think, is a very nice, good man, and worthy of a true
woman’s love; but I had no heart for him, because you, like a good old
thief, went and stole it
 I felt highly honored by Mr
 Heartsell’s
partiality, and told him so; but I thought it my duty to tell him the
truth at once, which I did
 I told him my hand and heart belonged to
another
 Poor fellow
 he wept when I told him I loved another, and
could not love him
 He said he would not give me up, but would wait
until I should think better of him; and he seemed to think that I would
change my mind and love him after all; but don’t you know that I can
never change?’

“‘I can’t express my admiration, Lottie, for your extraordinary
prudence; not one girl in a hundred would have taken the proper view in
such an emergency
 Of course you did right to tell Mr
 Heartsell the
whole truth; most girls under similar circumstances would have evaded
the truth, and left the man a reasonable hope
’

“‘By the by, have you ever mentioned our engagement to brother Harry?’

“‘Oh, yes, I named it to him before I did to any one else
’

“‘And what did he think of it?’

“‘He was glad of it--said it was just what he expected and
desired--congratulated me heartily--said I was a lucky fellow to be the
winner of such a heart--said he knew you loved me, all the time--told me
that if ever I caused you trouble he would kill me--and, to tell you the
truth, Lottie, I believe he would kill any one who would bring trouble
on you
’

“‘Oh, he is such a noble, generous, heroic brother
 Viola loves him, and
I hope they will make a match of it
’

“‘Ah, Lottie, that will never happen
’

“‘May I know the reason why you think so?’

“‘Viola is a great heiress, and you know how proud Harry is; no matter
how much he might love her, he would never tell her of it
 Do you know
that I think the only fault Harry has is his unprecedented pride? I have
been acquainted with many proud men, but there is something in Harry’s
pride that places it beyond anything I ever have witnessed in other
people
 No, Lottie, let me advise you not to build your pyramid of hopes
on a foundation of that sort
’

“‘Is Mr
 Bramlett very wealthy?’

“‘Mr
 Rockland tells me that he is a millionaire, and you know he has
only two children
’

“‘Then I must confess that I don’t think Harry would be doing exactly
right were he to seek Viola’s hand in marriage
 If that’s what you refer
to when you speak of his pride, I am fully prepared to indorse it
’

“The dreadful day for my departure had come at last; the awful moment
in which I was to part from Lottie had come and gone
 The parting words
had been uttered--the bitter tears had been shed, the farewell kiss
given; the long, loving embrace was over
 I had handed dear Lottie,
fainting, into Mrs
 Rockland’s arms, and was on my way to Philadelphia
”




CHAPTER XII



“I arrived in New York City in due time, and set about the work which
Doctor Dodson had charged me with
 When I reached Philadelphia I found a
long letter from Lottie
 Here it is:

     “‘DEAR EDDIE--Your letter was received yesterday, and if you knew
     how happy it made me you would write me one every day
 I have read
     it through at least a dozen times, and every dear expression is
     engraved on my heart
 I beseech you to take good care of yourself,
     and you must be sure to tell me if you ever feel the least ill
 But
     lest I should bore you with so much talk about love matters, I will
     tell you something about Viola
 She has been with me nearly three
     weeks, and is the sweetest, prettiest little cricket that any one
     ever looked upon--not so little, however, as you might think, for
     she is as tall as I am
 She has a most charming disposition--as
     gentle as a dove--and can sing, oh, so sweetly
 It would make you
     weep to hear her play on the guitar, while singing one of her
     plaintive songs
 She is complete mistress of the piano and guitar

     I had been flattering myself that I was a pretty good musician, but
     when I heard Viola play my conceit oozed out
 She is in love with
     Harry, but just as I expected, he is too proud to let her know how
     he loves her
 He maintains a dignified stiffness of manner, when
     with her, that chills me to the heart and frightens her
 I wonder
     if this hateful money of Mr
 Bramlett’s is going to break these two
     young, loving hearts? Viola has Harry’s picture--wears it in her
     bosom all the time; I saw her kissing it the other day and crying
     over it, when she thought no one was near
 What a darling little
     wife she would make for Harry, if he would only ask her
 I wish I
     had a gold mine, so I could give it to him, and make his fortune
     equal to hers
 I believe he loves her fervently, and would tell her
     so, but for the hateful gulf that Mr
 Bramlett’s gold has placed
     between them
 I fear that much sorrow is in store for both of them;
     but let us hope for the best
 Viola and I are rooming together;
     poor old Bob dozes on the hearth in my room all the time since the
     weather got too cold for him to stay in his house
 He has quit
     quarreling with old Roderick, and they have become very good
     friends now
 The parrot comes up to my room every night, and takes
     his snooze in the closet
 He has learned to speak several new words
     since you went away
 It would amuse you to hear him try to say
     Philadelphia; but he can’t do it--the word is too big for him
 I
     was trying to teach him to tell where you were living, and when he
     failed to say Philadelphia we compromised on New York, because he
     can say that as plainly as I can


     “‘Mr
 Heartsell has called on me several times since you left
 Poor
     fellow, he looks so sad
 He treats me with such tender
     consideration--never mentions the subject; I suppose he has given
     up all hope in that direction
 I can’t help having the very highest
     respect for him; but do not become jealous, for I don’t love him
     the least bit
 How could I love any one else when my Eddie has
     taken my heart away with him?

     “‘I think poor old Bob will die before you come home--he is very
     old, you know; I never let him want for anything--how could I, as I
     think of the time when we were poor homeless tramps? Do you ever
     let your mind wander back to those old days when we were all
     tramps? Have you forgotten the cloth shoes you made for me while
     you were convalescing at Mrs
 Holly’s farmhouse? I have got those
     old shoes yet; I am preserving them as relics of the happy days of
     old


     “‘Papa says that he will have to mortgage his estate to buy postage
     stamps if I don’t quit writing so many long letters to you
 I don’t
     care if he does--I mean to write a long letter every day


     “‘The autumn weather has been delightful, and you may guess Viola
     and I have made good use of it
 She is the liveliest girl I ever
     saw--always mirthful and happy, except when Harry gets on his high
     horse of pride; then a shade of melancholy chases away the jolly
     look
 Alas
 what misery will ensue if Harry does not conquer this
     strange, mysterious passion called pride
 Poor girl
 she does not
     know that it is the hateful money that keeps Harry and her so far
     apart
 Harry is not happy, as he was before Viola came, and I begin
     to see a cloud of sorrow rising in the distance which is sure to
     burst over their heads, unless something intervenes to prevent it

     Oh, love, love, love
 what a wonderful thing thou art
 How much
     happiness canst thou give when circumstances are favorable, and
     what misery when unfavorable
 When I think of what exquisite
     delight your love has given me I can’t realize the fact that the
     same kind of passion has caused so much misery to others
 I am so
     selfish in my love, yet so happy; but then, when I think of the
     many long, dreary days that must elapse before I shall see you, I
     am in despair
 I sometimes imagine that I should like to fall into
     a trance, and not wake up till you return
 The old clock on the
     mantel goes on ticking away deliberately, while an age seems to
     intervene between the strokes
 Oh, how can I wait so long before I
     shall look again in those dear eyes? Your eyes always looked so
     tenderly down into mine; I could read your thoughts when gazing in
     your eyes
 You were always so tender and gentle with me, in the
     good old days; when my feet were bleeding from their many wounds, I
     remember you lifted me in your arms--when I was unable to walk--and
     carried me to the banks of the little brook and bathed my feet so
     tenderly
 Do you never let your mind recall those happy days? I
     call them happy days, though they were not unmixed with
     sadness--but those were the days in which you won my heart
 Do you
     remember the evening when old Bob came to our camp looking so poor
     and miserable? What a lucky thing it was he happened to take it
     into his head to follow me
 But you will be laughing at me when you
     read this nonsense
 Well, do you know, darling, I don’t care how
     much you laugh at me? I rather like it, when I know you love me so
     well
 Viola is looking over my shoulder just now, telling me to
     give you her highest regards; and I imagine it makes her sad to
     know that my love is returned, while she thinks hers for Harry is
     not
 Harry says he wishes to be kindly remembered by you; he thinks
     you are the best fellow in the world--shows his good sense, don’t
     it, darling? Well, I suppose when you read this long letter you
     will be tired; but I could write all day to you and never tire
 I
     could write a volume about love, and then not have space sufficient
     to describe all I feel for my darling; but I reckon I had better
     halt here
 Good-by, and don’t forget the kisses I have sent in this
     letter
 Your faithful, loving

     “‘LOTTIE
’

“I often think that men who never loved are not capable of understanding
the wonderful mystery, because they are often heard to speak of it as
simple nonsense--a foolish weakness, only known to weak minds
 I have
been told that many a man has lived a long life, and died without ever
having felt the charming influence of true love; if they did, they died
in ignorance of what real happiness was
 To say that I read Lottie’s
sweet letter a thousand times would, perhaps, be an exaggeration--to say
I only read it once would be short of the mark; I read it a great many
times
 But I must hasten on, and not consume your time with too much
talk about my dear Lottie, as I shall have many thrilling events to
describe--events that occurred after I had finished my attendance at the
lectures
 I will, however, ask permission to read one of my letters to
Lottie, after which I promise to hasten on to the stirring events which
really constitute the gist of this story


     “‘DEAR LOTTIE--Your highly appreciated letter was here when I
     arrived, and were I to exhaust Webster’s unabridged, I am sure I
     could find no words adequate to describe the pleasure I felt while
     perusing it
 You inquired if I ever let my mind wander back to the
     old days, when we were homeless tramps
 Ah, yes, Lottie
 my mind
     has traveled a thousand times over every path where your dear feet
     have trod
 I can call to mind every little trifling circumstance
     that was in any manner connected with you
 I have seen nothing in
     the shape of a woman that can begin to compare with my Lottie


     “‘I am stopping at the Girard House, on Chestnut street--have
     comfortable quarters on the second floor, fronting the street
 That
     is one of the most beautiful streets in the city
 Every evening it
     is crowded with splendid equipages and handsome ladies, but none so
     beautiful as my Lottie
 Independence Hall is situated on this
     street; I spent one whole day looking at the quaint old relics that
     are to be seen there
 The old bell, whose brazen tongue proclaimed
     the birth of a new nation nearly a hundred years ago, is there
     still
 The heavy old carved chairs that were used by the members of
     the Continental Congress may be seen in the very places where they
     stood when occupied by those heroic old patriots
 A life-size
     portrait of George III
 hangs on the wall
 His youthful features
     have no expression that would indicate the tyrant
 The old
     flint-lock pistols used by Lafayette during the war of independence
     are great curiosities in themselves
 Washington’s camp-chest may be
     seen, with the cooking utensils used while commanding the American
     army; all put together would scarcely weigh fifty pounds
 A common
     lieutenant of the present day would tender his resignation, if he
     were required to reduce the bulk of his camp equipage to that used
     by the Commander-in-Chief in 1776
 This is a fast age, you know,
     and ideas have changed since the honest days of old
 Strange
     reflections crowded on my mind as I gazed on those dear old relics

     Where are all those brave old soldiers now? Where are all the
     heroic men and beautiful women who inhabited this continent then?
     All dead, all gone; perhaps not a living soul can now be found on
     the earth who heard the old bell proclaim the notes of liberty to
     the people in 1776


     “‘Philadelphia is a beautiful city--so clean, so quiet, so
     charming; everything so systematic
 I think I should like to live
     here, but for the severely cold winters
 I visited Girard College
     the other day, and would you believe it, Lottie, a man at the gate
     asked me if I was a preacher
 Now, don’t I look like a preacher?
     Have you ever imagined that I, in any manner, resembled one? Of
     course not, yet he did ask me the strange question
 I, of course,
     answered promptly, No
 and then he allowed me to go in
 My
     curiosity was roused, and I didn’t stop till I learned the reasons
     why the question was put to me
 Mr
 Girard inserted a clause in his
     will that no minister of the gospel should ever be permitted to
     enter the inclosure


     “There are many things to amuse and instruct one in this sober old
     city, and I mean to give you a more elaborate history of them in my
     next letter
 I don’t think I ever shall make a very great surgeon,
     because the dissecting room is a very unpleasant place to me
 When
     engaged in it I can’t for the life of me keep my mind on the
     business before me, but, in spite of me, it will go straying off
     into the realms of philosophy
 The first time I entered the
     dissecting room I felt unusually sad; the subject was a young man
     of powerful frame, well-shaped limbs, brawny chest and handsome
     face, whom I supposed to be about my own age
 A feeling of horror
     thrilled through my whole frame as I saw the sharp, glittering
     steel inserted in his white flesh
 I then and there became
     convinced that I never should master the science of surgery, if
     that was the only way it could be done
 When the dead man’s brain
     and heart were taken out, I took the heart in my left hand and the
     brain in the other, seated myself as far away as I could without
     leaving the room, and began to philosophize in a most singular
     manner
 What is this little dark red lump of flesh that I hold in
     my left hand? Answer--The human heart, the supposed seat of life,
     the little governor that regulates the quantity of blood that each
     tiny vein is entitled to as its share
 This little lump of flesh
     puts all the small pumps in motion that move the red life through
     the human body
 This little insignificant thing is the great throne
     where love holds his court; where all the passions assemble round
     to pay homage to the king of love
 In what corner of this little
     ball does love hold his court? Where is the identical spot? How is
     it we can feel it, and not see it? How can so much delicious joy
     find room in this little bulk? How can it produce such heavenly
     joys, such ecstatic bliss, as I feel in my love for my Lottie? Then
     again, how can so small a bulk suffer such untold, indescribable
     torture as we endure when we love some beautiful object who returns
     scorn for true love? As I held the heart in my hand, I thought of
     Shakespeare’s wonderful creations of beauty, and asked myself the
     question, Was his great heart like this? How could a man possessing
     a little heart like this, compose such soul-inspiring poetry? Then
     I thought perhaps it was the brain where all those beautiful things
     originated, and I turned my attention to it
 What was it? Nothing
     but a few ounces of soft, fatty substance
 Is this the great spring
     from whence such brilliant ideas flow? Was the great Bard of Avon’s
     brain like this? How could such an insignificant mess of fat give
     life to such soul-stirring sentiment, such heaven-born inspiration?
     Was this little gob of fat all that Napoleon had to depend on to
     enable him to overturn kingdoms and to make kings out of peasants?
     Did Alexander and Cæsar have brains like this? Did Byron’s base of
     thought depend on such a slender foundation as this? The more
     questions I propounded to myself on the subject the more I became
     bewildered
 Scientists assert that the brain is the dome of
     thought; but if it is so, I must say that the dome of thought is a
     very insignificant dome
 No, it is the soul that dwells in the
     head, sitting back on its throne, that directs and moves
     everything
 It is not dependent on this little lump of fat for its
     existence, nor is it in any manner indebted to it for the thoughts
     that man produces
 The soul sits on a throne in a man’s hand, and
     issues orders, like a king from his earthly throne; all parts of
     the body are moved by orders from the soul; just as great armies
     are moved by orders of the king
 When the body falls into decay the
     soul steps out uninjured, and reports to its Creator for duty
 Who
     made this incomprehensible thing called a soul? God
 Who made----?
     Stop right here and seek to know no more; trust everything to that
     mysterious Power who created this admirable machine called man


     “‘“What are you doing, Mr
 Demar?” inquired the professor; “you
     have been looking at those little organs a long time--what have you
     discovered?”

     “‘“Enough to convince me that man is a poor, helpless, ignorant
     thing, unable to tell anything about his own creation
”

     “‘I then took a sharp knife and began to dissect the heart
 I cut
     it into a hundred little slices, looking with all the eyes I had to
     see where love resided, but my search was in vain
 Was my Lottie’s
     heart like this? Was my own heart like it? If so, why could I find
     nothing that would indicate the part where love dwelt? I knew from
     the feelings of my own heart that love dwelt there; but with all my
     surgery I could not find it
 I was so nervous I did not sleep a
     wink that night and I think I shall not attempt to pry into the
     secrets of nature any more
 When I know that my Lottie loves me
     dearly, and that I adore her beyond everything on earth, that is
     enough for me, and I shall not again attempt to investigate secrets
     which God never intended weak mortals to know
 I am happy, oh, so
     very happy
 no matter how or wherefore; I am happy, and that’s
     sufficient


     “‘I was exceedingly sorry to hear that Harry still clings to his
     absurd notions of pride; it will kill all pleasure, destroy all
     hopes of happiness, unless he discards it
 Why should he reject the
     love of such a charming woman, when it would make him the happiest
     man in Memphis if he would lay aside his foolish pride? I fully
     concur with you in the idea that his conduct is going to produce
     unspeakable sorrow
 I knew that Viola loved him when she was a mere
     child, and she is worthy of any man’s love
 Use all your powers of
     persuasion, my dear Lottie, on him; see if you cannot convince him
     of his error
 I know he loves you dearly, and has a high opinion of
     your judgment, and I trust you may be able to induce him to change
     his mind
 I am sorry to be compelled, however, to tell you that the
     reports you have heard regarding Mr
 Bramlett’s wealth have not
     been at all exaggerated
 His estate is estimated at ten to fifteen
     hundred thousand dollars
 I was invited to dine with him during my
     stay in New York
 I accepted the invitation, and was delighted with
     the entertainment
 The dinner party consisted of a dozen invited
     guests besides the family--all persons of distinction, except
     myself, of course
 One ex-Governor, one United States Senator, one
     Brigadier-General, and two railway presidents; the others were
     newspaper men, and bankers, and two literary ladies
 Mrs
 Bramlett,
     knowing how green I was in such matters, took charge of me at the
     start, and piloted me through so skillfully that I was not at all
     embarrassed
 To describe the grand display of wealth that met my
     eyes would be, indeed, a difficult task
 Mrs
 Bramlett made a great
     many inquiries about Harry; so did Mr
 Bramlett
 They both seem to
     think a great deal of him, and, no doubt, would readily consent for
     Viola to marry him
 Mr
 Bramlett is by no means a gold worshiper;
     he has made his fortune by energetic work and close attention to
     business, is very liberal with his money, and exceedingly popular
     with the business men of New York
 Mrs
 Bramlett is a confirmed
     invalid, though she is one of the best little women I ever knew

     But, dear Lottie, I must not undertake to tell everything in one
     letter, but will reserve something to be said in my next
 Having
     kissed this paper a hundred times for you, I now bid my darling
     angel good night
 Yours, forever and ever,

     “‘EDDIE
’

“I had been in Philadelphia but a short time when the news of Mr

Bramlett’s death reached me--and Lottie informed me, by letter, that
Viola was overwhelmed with grief at the loss of her father, and that she
had immediately started home, accompanied by Harry
 I was glad to learn
that Harry had gone home with her, for I still clung to the idea that
Viola would yet be his wife
 I was satisfied that she soon would be left
all alone, for her mother’s health was wretched, and it was certain she
would not long survive her husband
 I received a letter from Harry, soon
after his arrival in New York, and as it has an intimate connection with
this narrative, I think I had better read it now:

     “‘Dear Edward--I presume you have heard of the death of Mr

     Bramlett, as sister Lottie promised to give you the information

     His death has cast a cloud over Viola’s young life; she loved her
     father devotedly, and is plunged in despair at his sudden death

     Misfortunes, it seems, never visit us singly, but most always come
     crowding on us in platoons
 Mrs
 Bramlett is dying now--we don’t
     think she will last more than twenty-four hours longer
 Poor Viola

     I pity her from the bottom of my heart
 I am so glad I consented to
     accompany her home, and that I can be with her during this awful
     affliction
 She is the most amiable, charming girl I ever knew; the
     sweetest disposition, the gentlest manners--and I believe I might
     say the most beautiful, too
 I will tell you a great secret, if
     you will keep it to yourself--I am desperately in love with
     Viola--nay, to tell you the whole truth, I adore her--and my love
     is returned without discount; I might say with a good interest; but
     alas
 I can never marry her, you know
 There is an impassable gulf
     that separates us
 I should despise myself if I thought that I was
     a sneaking fortune-hunter
 I would look upon myself as a disgraced,
     unworthy, mean fellow, and so would everybody else, were I to take
     advantage of that poor girl’s situation


     “‘Mr
 Bramlett made a will placing all his property in the hands of
     trustees, to be divided equally between Viola and her brother,
     Harry W
, both to have control of their respective shares on
     arriving at the age of twenty-one years
 Mrs
 Bramlett was amply
     provided for under the will, but she will not live to enjoy the
     benefits of her husband’s generosity
 Stanley Ragland, a
     half-brother of Mr
 Bramlett’s, is named in the will as guardian to
     Viola and her brother
 Mr
 Ragland resides in Memphis--a lawyer,
     though I don’t think he is engaged in the practice of his
     profession now
 I am glad to know that Viola is to reside
     permanently in Memphis; it will be a consolation to see her now and
     then, even if she is to be some other man’s wife
 I never shall see
     another happy moment after the day that Viola is wedded, and, as a
     matter of course, she will not remain single long
 Memphis will
     swarm with unscrupulous fortune-hunters as soon as Viola arrives,
     and it becomes known that she is an heiress to a great fortune
 I
     shall remain here until after Mrs
 Bramlett’s funeral, for the
     purpose of accompanying Viola and her brother to Memphis
 As I have
     already said, the poor woman cannot possibly survive more than two
     days longer
 Viola’s grief is crushing her young heart, and I think
     it best to take her away from here as soon as possible
 Her brother
     is a handsome, well-disposed boy, and I think I shall like him very
     much; he is a bright, lively little fellow, and has become very
     much attached to me
 I am proud to have such a boy named after me;
     that, you know, was done by Viola--which, you perceive, is another
     evidence of her affection for me


     “‘I shall be glad to hear from you as soon as I get home, and shall
     expect you to write often
 Poor Lottie
 she hated so much to part
     with Viola; they had become true friends--loved each other
     fervently; she will be quite lonely until we get home
 I have
     extended this communication much longer than I intended, and must
     apologize to you for it
 With many wishes for your good health and
     happiness, I am,

     “‘Yours most truly,

     “‘HARRY WALLINGFORD
’




CHAPTER XIII



“Three days after Harry’s first letter reached me I received another
announcing the death of Mrs
 Bramlett, and informing me that he would
start for Memphis, in company with the two orphans, on the following
Monday, with a view of placing them with their guardian
 About two
months after Viola had arrived at her new home, with Mr
 Ragland’s
family, I received another long letter from Harry, the perusal of which
caused me much pain; and, as I think it would assist me on with this
history, I will read it now:

     “‘Dear Eddie--It is with a heavy heart that I write this
     communication, because things are not going on well here by any
     means; and I would not distress you with a history of our troubles,
     but I know you must learn of them sooner or later
 Viola has
     changed very much since she arrived here two months ago
 She is by
     no means like the same girl she was when she came here last fall

     There is a breach between her and me that grows wider every
     day--since she became aware of my determination not to place myself
     in a situation where the world would be justified in applying the
     dishonorable name of fortune-hunter to me
 I was alone with Viola
     one day in Lottie’s flower garden, happy to be near one I loved so
     devotedly
 I think I must have lost control of myself--I was so
     completely overcome with my passion that I scarcely knew what I was
     doing
 I think she concluded that I was about to make a declaration
     of my love for her, and to make her an offer of marriage
 I am sure
     I do not know exactly what I did say; but I will try to tell you
     the substance of what occurred
 She was pinning a rose on my
     breast, while her sweet lips were near mine, and I seized her hand
     and kissed it


     “‘“Miss Bramlett,” said I, “how beautiful you look to-day
 Do you
     know that I think you are the most charming girl in the world?”

     “‘“How should I know your thoughts, Mr
 Wallingford, about
     anything, when you are so cold and formal with me? You always talk
     to me as if I were a mere stranger, whom you had never met before
”

     “‘“Don’t call me Mr
 Wallingford, I beseech you; speaking of
     coldness, that makes me shiver
”

     “‘“It is a poor rule that won’t work both ways; you made it, and
     should not now complain of my adopting it
”

     “‘“The retort is just, and I have no right to complain; but we are
     both getting to be quite formal of late; nevertheless, I may be
     permitted to think and speak of your great beauty, I hope, without
     offending you
”

     “‘“Oh, no offense, I assure you, Mr
 Wallingford--I am used to
     flattery, and it does not make me vain at all
”

     “‘“No doubt you are often annoyed with compliments, but I was only
     speaking the honest truth when I said I thought you were the most
     beautiful creature I ever saw
”

     “‘“Indeed, I am much gratified to know that you don’t think me
     ugly
 I never saw but one gentleman whom I thought was extra
     handsome; but, alas
 he has a heart as cold as an iceberg, and is
     too proud to be happy
”

     ‘“I knew in an instant to whom she alluded, and I felt my heart
     begin to melt at once


     “‘“May I know the name of this wonderful paragon?’ I inquired, as I
     gazed eagerly into her expressive eyes


     “‘“Oh, never mind his name--he is a particular friend of mine,
     anyway
”

     “‘“Is he nothing more than a friend, Miss Bramlett?”

     “‘“If he is, he is too proud to say so
 Like Achilles, he wraps
     himself up with his cloak of selfishness, and smiles at other
     people’s woes
”

     “‘I still held her little hand in mine, every now and then pressing
     it to my lips


     “‘“Viola, how can you be so cruel, when you know how miserable I
     am?”

     “‘“I had no idea that you were miserable; pray what has caused it?”

     “‘“I love one whose high position places her so far above my humble
     sphere that I know she never can be mine
”

     “‘“We are all equals in the eyes of God, and the accidents of birth
     or fortune should make no difference with us--the worth of the man
     should be measured according to his deeds
”

     “‘“No doubt your theory is altogether correct, but you know that
     the world takes a different view of it”

     “‘“A man who strives to please the world in all things may expect
     to please himself in none
 For my part, I think the world’s a
     humbug, and society a tyrant; and the man who worships either will
     make himself miserable
 I believe it was Mr
 Pope, in his ‘Essay on
     Man,’ who said,

       “‘”‘Honor and shame from no condition rise,
           Act well your part, there all the honor lies;
           Worth makes the man, and want of it the fellow;
           The rest is all but leather and prunella
’”

     “‘“Viola, don’t you know that I have been loving you devotedly ever
     since we first met?”

     “‘Her head sank down, and she turned her face from me to hide the
     tears that were streaming from her eyes
 I was crazy with passion;
     my brain was on fire
 I forgot my pride, I lost my self-possession;
     I was, for the time being, raving mad with love; I took her in my
     arms and held her against my heart--her head resting on my
     shoulder
 I would be willing to suffer a long life of pain for an
     hour of such joy
 but, alas
 it could never be
 Suddenly I
     recollected what I had done--I saw the folly of it--nay, I began to
     see the meanness of it, and my cheeks burned with shame
 I felt
     like a cowardly sneak; I sprang away from Viola


     “‘“Pardon my presumption, Miss Bramlett; upon my honor, I was
     joking; I beg you to forgive and forget me; I did not think of the
     impropriety of my conduct
 Let us be good friends; that is all I
     ask, nothing more
 I shall go to California
 I--I--could have loved
     you, Miss Bramlett, under different circumstances; but, as it is, I
     must try to forget you; good-by--let us part as friends
”

     “‘I took her hand in mine--it was as cold as ice, and her face was
     deadly pale; I started to leave her
 I had gone about twenty paces
     from her, when I heard a groan--such a groan of despair as never
     before broke on my ear
 It was not loud, but sounded like the knell
     of death to me
 I hastened back, and found Viola lying on the
     ground, apparently dead, her temple stained with blood, that came
     from a severe wound which she had received from falling against a
     corner of the bench
 For a moment I was paralyzed with horror, the
     first thought that occurred to my mind being that she had committed
     suicide
 But Lottie had heard the groan, and came running to
     ascertain the cause
 She sat down and placed Viola’s head on her
     lap, and began to wipe the blood from her temple


     “‘“Bring water--quick, Harry
” said Lottie


     “‘I hastened to the house, seized a bucket of water, and was back
     in a moment
 Lottie sprinkled Viola’s face and bathed her temples,
     and in a short time signs of returning life were appearing
 I was
     gratified to find that the wound was not serious, and that all
     danger was over
 I lifted Viola in my arms and carried her to the
     house, having my bosom stained with her precious blood
 She did not
     open her eyes at all while I was carrying her to the house; but I
     saw tears falling rapidly from them
 I whispered a few words to
     Lottie, by way of directing her what course to pursue, as I placed
     Viola on a sofa, and fled like a coward from the premises
 I know
     you will condemn my conduct, and I know I deserve it; but, as God
     in Heaven is my judge, I meant to do nothing wrong
 My reason was
     overthrown by my intense passion
 You have been in love yourself,
     and can readily understand how love can steal away one’s reason

     Who can love as I love Viola, and then be discreet? Who can retain
     his senses when his blood is boiling in his veins and his brain on
     fire? I confess my conduct was shameful, disgraceful and cowardly

     I should never have placed myself under the influence of her
     charms--I should have kept my love for her a secret, but in her
     presence I could not do it
 I have sworn a solemn oath that I would
     never ask her to marry me while I am penniless and she so rich
 I
     thought I was right then, and I have never changed my mind
 Having
     made that resolve, it was criminal in me to act as I did
 I think I
     shall go to California soon, because I cannot endure the torture
     that will be mine if I remain near her
 I am foolish enough--call
     it vanity, if you please--to think that if I were in California I
     might make a fortune in a few years; then I could claim Viola’s
     hand without feeling degraded in my own estimation
 I never, until
     lately, cared to be rich, but now I would make any sacrifice,
     endure any hardship, to accumulate wealth


     “‘Viola left our house the next morning after the affair in the
     garden, and has never been back any more
 The occurrence mentioned
     happened two weeks ago, and I must say I have never seen such a
     change in any one as has come over Viola
 The beautiful rosy tint
     has left her fair cheeks, and her disposition seems to have
     undergone an unaccountable change
 Her conduct is causing her
     friends great pain and uneasiness
 She treats Lottie with a strange
     coldness, and passes me with a dignified bow
 She has become
     perfectly reckless with her money--seems to be determined to get
     rid of it; she does not use it in showy dress or costly jewelry,
     but is giving it away to the poor as fast as she can
 Her guardian
     endeavors to restrain her, but she heeds not his counsel or his
     commands
 She appears only to study the best and fastest way to get
     rid of her money
 She says she hates the very name of money, and
     that she means to give it all to the poor as soon as it comes into
     her hands
 Mr
 Ragland says her income is very great, but that
     within two weeks just passed she has given away one whole year’s
     income, and is borrowing more
 Of course she can borrow as much as
     she pleases, and seems to be determined to use her credit
 What is
     to be the result of this strange freak God only knows
 I wish you
     were here, for she might be influenced by you--she always appeared
     to like you
 Her guardian is greatly distressed at her conduct; he
     says it is inexplicable to him
 I fear that something awful is
     going to happen
 You would not think it possible for any one to
     undergo such a radical change as she has
 Come home as quickly as
     you can; you may be able to do something with her
 Lottie is
     overwhelmed with grief; we are all in despair--her guardian has
     given up all hope
 Start immediately
 I shall leave for California
     as soon as you arrive
 My uncle has made a great fortune there; he
     offers to aid me if I will come, and I shall accept his offer at
     once
 I must get away from here at all hazards as soon as possible

     Probably Viola would recover her former gay and lively feelings if
     I were away
 If her entire fortune were now under her control she
     would give it away in a month
 She is annoyed with many suitors,
     but she gives none of them any encouragement; in fact, they
     complain that she does not even treat them respectfully


     “‘Lottie joins me in love to you, and also in the hope that you
     will come home soon after this letter reaches you
 Dear Lottie is
     quite low spirited since Viola has quit visiting us, and nothing
     but your presence here can revive her
 It is useless to tell you
     how much Lottie loves you, because you have known that all the
     time
 She is a dear, darling sister
 God bless her, she will make
     you a good wife


     “‘Hoping to see you at home very soon, I am,

     “‘Yours truly,

     “‘HARRY WALLINGFORD
’

“Within twenty-four hours after the receipt of that letter I was on my
way home, and although I was being hurried on at the rate of forty miles
an hour, I felt as if I were going at a snail’s pace
 When I arrived at
home I of course went to see Lottie before talking with any one else
 I
found my darling all that heart could wish
 She was more beautiful, more
charming in my eyes than ever
 The large, dreamy blue eyes were swimming
in tears of joy as I held her to my glad heart, and I saw a look of love
that satisfied me that I was the possessor of a treasure of great value

I lingered by my darling’s side until late at night
 Every little
trifling incident was described--the days of old were alluded to and
discussed, while the present and future came in for a full share

Harry’s case was adverted to, and plans suggested by which we hoped to
be able to bring about a reconciliation between Viola and him
 Old Bob
was dead, and had been honored with a grave in Lottie’s flower garden

Old Roderick was alive, and in splendid humor for talking when Lottie
and I called to see him at his headquarters


“‘Ah, ha
 here we are, Lottie
 Eddie’s in New York
’ screamed the old
parrot, as he jumped down on Lottie’s shoulders


“‘Ah, ha
 here we come, my boy
’ exclaimed Dr
 Dodson, as he met me at
the door and gathered me by both shoulders, holding me square before
him, and gazing into my face with his kind, keen eyes, first drawing me
close to him, then pushing me back, as if inspecting some article he
intended to purchase
 ‘Ah, ha
 here we are, my boy, all right
 You’ve
come out wonderfully; much taller, much better looking; don’t look so
green--more polish--not such a booby now, are you, my boy?’

“I did not have time to answer his questions; he pitched them in so
thickly and rapidly that I could not have put a word in edge-wise


“‘Glad to see you home again, my boy
 plenty of work to do, lots of
patients on hand; you can dive in, you see, right away
 Been to see
Lottie? Yes, of course you have
 had to see her before you came to me

Oh, you sly rascal
 had to go to her first, eh? Well, well, well, such
is life, you know
 I was a fool once myself, when I was young
 We are
all fools when in love
 I was in love with Dolly when she was young;
Heaven bless her
 I think I am in love with her yet
 There, go in, my
boy, and see her; she is crazy to see you
 Ah, ha
 my boy, here we go
’

“Then he shoved me in the house, calling at the top of his voice:

“‘Here, Dolly, our old boy has come at last
 hug him first, then scold
him roundly for going to see Lottie before coming to see us
 Ah, ha
 yes
he did, a good-for-nothing rascal
 Lottie is making a fool of him
 Fact
is, she is making a fool of herself, also
 Well, well, old woman, we
were young once, ourselves
 you know how it is, yourself
’

“The next morning I sought an interview with Harry, and was deeply
pained to see the change that had taken place in his appearance
 His
face was very pale, his cheeks appeared to be sunken, and his general
appearance indicated great mental anguish
 The lively smile that used to
light up his handsome face in the days of old was absent now
 He greeted
me kindly, but the tone of his voice made me shiver; it was so
melancholy that it startled me


“‘How is she now?’ I inquired, alluding, of course, to Viola


“‘Worse all the time--growing more reckless,’ said he, with a mournful
shake of the head
 ‘For Heaven’s sake, go see her at once
’

“‘Why not go yourself?’ I asked; ‘you could have more influence with her
than all the men in the world
’

“‘No, no
 I dare not go near her
 My senses always forsake me when I am
in her presence; I must go away from Memphis immediately
’

“‘Nonsense
 why must you go away? Why not discard this foolish pride,
and marry her and be happy?’

“‘If that is the only advice you have to offer, we will let the subject
drop; my mind is settled on that question, and it must not be mentioned
any more
’

“‘The money is mine,’ Viola would reply to Mr
 Ragland’s remonstrances
regarding the reckless manner in which she was squandering it, ‘and why
should I not do with it as I please? Who has any right to say when and
how I shall use it? Who has any right to dictate to me on that subject?
This hateful fortune has been my bane, and I mean to rid myself of it as
soon as possible
 Are there not thousands of poor people in this city
who need money? Are there not thousands who toil the live-long day and
then go to bed at night hungry? Yes, yes, you know it
 Well, I mean to
give all my money to them, and hire myself out to work as a governess,
if I can; and if I can’t do that, I’ll wash or sew; nay, I’ll serve as
chamber-maid at a hotel, before I’ll keep this hateful money
 Has it not
already ruined my hopes of happiness forever? Has it not surrounded me
with false friends? Has it not overflowed me with a brigade of brainless
fortune-hunters whose silly twaddle about love makes me sick? This
accursed gold drives true friends from me, and attracts about me a host
of senseless flatterers, whose very presence is hateful to me
’

“There was no boisterous bluster about her manner--no outburst of
passion--but a quiet, determined expression was indelibly impressed on
her features
 It did not require a Solomon to tell me that Harry was
responsible for all this; it was as plain as the sun at noontide
 What
should I do next? was the question that naturally presented itself to
me
 Should I sit down, fold my hands and quietly wait for the grand
smash-up which would be sure to come unless something was done to
prevent it; or should I put forth all my energies to save two young
hearts from utter ruin? I was deeply impressed with the magnitude of the
situation, yet at a loss to know what course to pursue in order to
change it
 Having pondered over the matter until I was half sick and
badly puzzled, in a spirit of desperation I broached the subject to
Viola


“‘Harry is going to California,’ I said to her; ‘we are all greatly
distressed about it, and you might prevent it if you would try
’

“‘And pray, Mr
 Demar, tell me what I have to do with the movements of
Mr
 Wallingford?’

“‘I thought you might not wish him to go,’ I said, timidly


“‘Indeed, Mr
 Demar
 let me assure you that Mr
 Wallingford’s plans are
in no respect of interest to me
 He may go to Jerusalem--if he thinks it
will promote his happiness--or to California, or to Hindostan, or to the
North Pole, or anywhere else; what is it to me? I am just now engaged in
attending to my own business, and I imagine that Mr
 Wallingford is
pursuing the same line of policy; I am sure I wish him success in all
his undertakings
’

“‘Don’t you know that pride is drawing both of you apart? Stop, I
beseech you, before it is too late
 Send a message to Harry by me--let
me tell him you wish to see him
’

“‘I have no message to send him; why should I wish to see him? Achilles
must occupy his lofty tent and let Greece bleed at every vein
 When
Patroclus is dead, then he may condescend to take the field
’

“As she uttered those words she was pacing the floor rapidly, back and
forth while a strange fire flashed from her pretty eyes
 She moved like
a queen, and I saw the signs of intense passion disturbing her bosom

The truth is, she was hard pressed for courage to keep from exposing her
love for Harry


“‘Give me that rose you have on your throat,’ I said, ‘and let me tell
Harry you sent it to him
’

“‘No, no
 I might offend this proud Greek
 Let him enjoy his god-like
pride
 Why should he be disturbed by others’ woes? Do you remember the
first lines of the “Iliad”?

    “Achilles’ wrath to Greece, the direful spring
     Of woes unnumbered, heavenly goddess sing
”

I am no goddess, but I mean to write a song, and sing the proud man’s
praise until his great deeds done in the heart-crushing business shall
resound throughout the land
 You had better marry Lottie, Mr
 Demar,
without delay; she is his sister, you know, and might catch the
inspiration, and learn to despise common people
’

“‘Miss Bramlett, for Heaven’s sake don’t talk that way
 You know how
Lottie loves you--she would go any length to serve you
 Harry worships
you, and all will go well if you will only give him a little kind
message
’

“‘I can only repeat what I have already said
 I have no message for Mr

Wallingford
’

“I left her with heavy feelings weighing on my mind
 Time rolled on, we
all rolled on too--or rather drifted on toward our fate
 At the end of
six months matters were not improved, but had continued to grow worse

Lottie was as true to me as the needle to the pole; not a wave of
misunderstanding ever crossed the calm sea of our happiness; all my
spare moments were spent by her side
 We were too happy to look into the
dim future, but we drank in the sweet pleasure of the present, little
dreaming of the great cloud of woe that was gathering over our heads,
soon to burst on us with all its fury
 Shortly after the
misunderstanding between Harry and Viola he had fallen ill, and for six
weeks his life seemed to be ebbing away slowly; but, thanks to Doctor
Dodson’s skill and Lottie’s nursing, the vital spark was kept in the
body until nature came to the rescue
 His illness caused him to postpone
his trip to California at least until fall, and we were encouraged to
hope that we should be able to get him to abandon the trip entirely
 I
still clung to the idea that he and Viola would not drift apart forever


“Viola never visited Lottie after the trouble with Harry
 I saw her
about four weeks after Harry was taken ill
 I was not prepared to look
for or expect such a change as was visible in her appearance; she
presented a perfect picture of despair--her beautiful eyes had a
languid, listless look in them that told plainly how she was suffering

Was this the beautiful, gay little girl that I had heard Lottie call the
lively little cricket? Was it possible that one could change in that way
in so short a time? I could scarcely believe the evidence of my own
eyes
 When I informed her that Harry was very ill, and that we all
thought he was going to die, she started, gazed wildly at me for a
moment, then burst into tears


“‘I was in hopes I would go first,’ she said, ‘but I can follow him
soon; there will be no money up there to keep us apart
’

“When I repeated her very words to him he was deeply affected, which
increased my hopes of a reconciliation
 He was greatly changed in many
respects, and I thought the prospects of an understanding were
brightening
 The time was near at hand when I was to go to Philadelphia
again to take my last course before receiving my diploma
 Mr
 Rockland
had at last consented that Lottie and I should be married when I
returned
 During the summer Viola contracted a large number of debts,
after having exhausted her cash income
 Her guardian was very greatly
annoyed and embarrassed by the demands of the creditors, and was
threatening to resign his office as guardian
 The trustees in New York
were complaining of the continuous calls made on them for money, and had
promptly refused to encourage such extravagance
 I must, however, do
Viola the justice to say that she did not squander the money where it
would do no good, but was distributing it among the worthy poor people
of the city
 I was invited, one day, to go with her on a visit among the
suffering people who were the recipients of her bounty, and, before I
had finished the visit, I had occasion to change the unfavorable opinion
I had formed in regard to her conduct
 She went about the matter in a
business-like manner; interrogated a family, ascertained what was needed
to make them comfortable, gave an order on a merchant for the articles,
and passed on to the next family, repeating the same good work there
 I
saw large numbers of ragged children clinging to her skirts and pressing
kisses on her hands, while sickly mothers were praying for Heaven’s
richest blessings to fall on the dear angel who had kept their children
from starving
 As I witnessed those affecting scenes, I was more
inclined to indorse Viola’s course than I was to condemn it


“The first of October found me again in Philadelphia, hard at work and
full of bright hopes as to the future--reading Lottie’s sweet letters of
love, and thinking of the happy day that was soon to make her my wife





CHAPTER XIV



“One morning some three months after my arrival in Philadelphia, I was
seated at the breakfast table of the Girard Hotel, when a servant laid a
letter on my plate
 I saw from the postmark that it was from Memphis,
and I recognized the handwriting as Harry’s; I lost no time, of course,
in opening it
 Before I had read it half through I was perfectly
paralyzed with horror, and made an effort to rise from my seat with a
view of going immediately to my room
 I staggered like a man
intoxicated, and would have fallen to the floor, but that the steward
caught me and kindly led me from the room


“‘Your letter brings you bad news, I fear, Mr
 Demar
 You seem to be
quite overcome; shall I get you a glass of wine, sir?’

“‘No, thank you,’ I groaned, rather than spoke; ‘help me to my room--I
wish to be alone
’

“Several of my friends, seeing that something serious had happened,
surrounded me, insisting that I should tell them what the matter was,
but I begged them to leave me, as I wished to be alone


“‘It is nothing, my friends,’ said I, ‘in which you can be of any
assistance to me
 I have received awful news from home, and shall take
the first train to go there
 I implore you leave me alone; I must think,
I must act, and that immediately
’

“My request was complied with, and the steward kindly assisted me to my
room, and left me alone
 My hands trembled so I scarcely could hold the
letter still long enough to finish reading it; and when I read it to
you--which I mean to do--you will not be surprised at the manner in
which its contents shook my nerves
 It is true that I had been
anticipating evil, but never had dreamed of such an awful thing as was
described in Harry’s letter; my mind was not prepared for such dreadful
news
 I turned the paper on which the fatal news was written over and
over; read and re-read the lines, endeavoring to find something that
would raise a doubt as to the handwriting; but no, it was Harry’s hand
beyond all question--the awful tidings were too true
 I fell on a sofa,
buried my face in my hands, and endeavored to collect my scattered
thoughts, in order that I might take such action as the nature of the
case demanded
 How long I remained in that position I am unable to say,
but it was a great while before I could regain composure sufficient to
write
 As soon as I could command my nerves I hastily penned the
following note:

     “‘DR
 VANNESSE:

     “‘Dear Sir--I would esteem it a very great favor if you would visit
     me at my room at the Girard Hotel without delay, as I wish to
     consult you about a matter of the gravest importance
 News of a
     most distressing character has just reached me from my home in
     Memphis, Tennessee, which makes it necessary for me to go there
     immediately
 I would have gone to your quarters, but the shock
     caused by the awful news has almost prostrated me; hence I must
     implore you to come to me


     “‘Respectfully, “‘EDWARD DEMAR
’

“I rang the bell; it was answered by a little boy


“‘Take this note to Doctor Vannesse, at his rooms, over at the
Continental Hotel, as quickly as you can; tell the porter to come up
after my baggage at one o’clock, and have it checked to Memphis; and
tell the clerk to prepare my bill--I wish to settle it,’ were the orders
I gave to the bell boy


“Then I began to pack my trunks and arrange everything for my journey
southward, while the only consoling thought that came to my relief was
that I should soon see Lottie, at all events
 The bell boy had been gone
with my note but a very few moments when Doctor Vannesse came dashing
into my room, his handsome features blazing with excitement


“‘Demar, what on earth has happened? You look like a corpse
 tell me,
quick, I beseech you
 It must be something dreadful to make you look so
pale
’

“‘Indeed it is dreadful
 nay, it is horrible
 I never have heard of such
a thing before, in all the days of my life
’

“‘No doubt, no doubt whatever; but why do you not tell me what it is?’

“‘Be seated, doctor,’ said I, ‘and you shall know; but first let me ask
you to furnish me the name of the best and most experienced detective
officer in Philadelphia
 I want one to go with me to Memphis
 We have
splendid officers there, but I am requested to bring one from here, so
that we can have the services of both departments
 There is a strange
case to be worked up; great skill and experience will be required, as I
think, and I sent for you to get your advice about the employment of
some one here whose reputation is his recommendation
’

“‘Dabbs, Zip Dabbs is the man you want; if he can’t work up your case,
it is not workable
 He can pump all the secrets out of a man, while he
makes the fellow think he is receiving, instead of giving, information

I guess you have heard of Zip Dabbs--everybody knows him by
reputation--he is the very man you want; I’ll go with you to see him; it
is doubtful whether you can induce him to go with you so far from his
usual field of action; then it might cost you more than you are willing
to pay--he charges very high for his services
’

“‘I care not for his charges,’ was my reply; ‘he shall be weighted down
with money, if he wants it; money is no object with us in this case
’

“‘Then I advise you to go and see Zip at once, for he worships money,
and will go with you to the end of the world if you will pay him well

You have, of course, heard the old maxim, “set a thief to catch a
thief;” well, that applies to Zip Dabbs, with double compound force; he
is well acquainted with the inside walls of many prisons, and has spent
a great part of his life therein; but he has discovered a great secret,
and that is, that he can make more money by putting other men in the
penitentiary than he can by going there himself
 He can change from a
well-dressed politician to a dray driver in five minutes; and the change
is so radical that no one can detect him
 I have seen him spading a
garden, in an old red flannel shirt, the hottest day of the summer
season, and at night, dressed with exquisite taste, making the most
melodious music on a piano
 He is a splendid musician--sings and plays
as well as anybody
 He is as industrious as a honey bee, a splendid
piano tuner, and, by this means, often gains admission to high circles
where he wishes to obtain secrets that are locked safely from ordinary
people
 He is the most extraordinary man I ever saw; plays political
demagogue to perfection; makes a splendid speech when he sets his head
to the business; can change from a green, bashful back-woods Hoosier to
a polished man of the world in ten minutes
 He has reduced the art of
disguising to a perfect science, and can make his way through locks
without keys
 I hope you will be able to engage him; he is the very man
you want
 But, by the by, old fellow, you have not informed me what has
happened that causes you to want a detective
’

“‘Please let us go and see this man first
 I wish to leave on the 2:30
train this afternoon; he may want time to get ready--we had better see
him first
 I can talk with you more at leisure after we have conferred
with Mr
 Dabbs
 If you will accompany me I shall be under many
obligations, and then I will detail to you the unfortunate intelligence
which has made it necessary for me to employ a sharp detective
’

“‘Ah, yes
 yes, you are right, Mr
 Demar; I see you understand how to
economize time; that’s quite a gift; time, you know, rolls on, whether
we roll or not
 It is a great thing to know how to roll on so as never
to be behind time
 We can go and find Mr
 Dabbs first, and confer with
him; then, while we talk matters over, he can make his arrangements so
as to be ready to go with you
’

“‘Come along then, Demar; we’ll go to Dabbs’ quarters now
 He holds
forth on Chestnut street, just below Independence Hall; you may have
noticed his sign sticking on a shabby panel at the foot of the stairs,
on the right as you go down the street, beyond the hall
 Queer man is
Dabbs; you had better let me do the talking, as I know better how to
manage him, perhaps, than a mere stranger would
 I hope we shall find
him disengaged, though it would be the merest accident if we did, for he
is nearly always busy; he does more work than all the other detectives
in the city
 By the by, here’s his headquarters now; shabby quarters,
aren’t they? Seems to me if I could coin money as he does, I’d rent more
comfortable rooms
 Just look at the dirt on that floor
 don’t think it
has been swept since the Declaration of Independence
 I declare, I can’t
see how people can stand so much dirt
 Phew
 what an infernal stench
comes up through that hole
 I must call the attention of the sanitary
board to it; I declare, it is abominable, detestable
 But come along,
and let us get away from this place as soon as we can
’

“‘Where is Dabbs?’ inquired Doctor Vannesse of a little squint-eyed man
with a very sharp nose, the end of which seemed to be making a desperate
effort to get into his mouth


“‘Gone out, sir,’ was the answer, made in a voice that sounded like the
grunt of a hog


“‘I guessed he was out, sir, as it is very plain that he is not in
’
said the doctor, angrily


“I confess that the man’s very looks was an insult, and his voice was
worse than assault and battery
 He was smoking a cheap cigar, his
shirt-front all stained with tobacco juice; his little round head was
covered with a profusion of coarse black hair, standing out like
porcupine quills, and I thought he was drunk as soon as I saw him


“‘When will Dabbs be in?’ asked the doctor


“‘Dunno,’ was the grunt


“‘Where can he be found?’

“‘Dunno
’

“‘What do you know about Dabbs?’

“‘Nuthin’
’

“‘Come along, Demar--that fellow’s drunk
 Maybe we can find some one on
the next floor who can give us some information
’

“We had not reached the door when I heard some one behind me call Doctor
Vannesse in a most pleasant voice, and turning round, we discovered the
sharp-nosed man laughing as if he would shake himself to pieces


“‘Ha, ha, ha
 didn’t know me, did you, doc? thought I was drunk, too,
ha, ha, ha
 Come back and take seats; what can I do for you?’

“I was filled with astonishment; he was the very man we were looking
for, so completely disguised that Doctor Vannesse, who had seen him a
thousand times, did not recognize him
 I never heard a more pleasant
tone of voice, and his manners were those of a well-bred gentleman


“‘By Jove, Dabbs
’ exclaimed the doctor
 ‘I came very near knocking you
down with a chair; who would have thought it was you? What’s up, Dabbs,
that makes you look like old Nick’s engineer?’

“‘Some of old Nick’s agents have been out on an excursion, but I’ve got
‘em jugged; had just finished up the job five minutes before you came
in
 It’s a case of poisoning--always very difficult to work up, you
know--but I peeled the peach at last
 They had the wrong man arrested,
as is usual in such cases, but I unearthed the guilty one, and he’s sure
to get a through ticket
’

“‘Well, Dabbs, Mr
 Demar here, who is a friend of mine, has a job on
hand which he wishes you to work up; he wants you to go with him to
Memphis; money is no object in this case--the pay will be liberal
 Can
you go?’

“‘I guess so, unless the boss has something on hand, just wait here a
moment--I’ll go and see him
 Nothing would suit me better than a trip
down in Dixie
’

“Thus saying, he disappeared through a back door, leaving the doctor and
me alone


“‘Deuced sharp fellow, I assure you, Demar--works like a beaver, and
hangs on like a badger; never fails to bring the truth to the surface; I
hope you will secure him
’

“‘I shall consider myself lucky, indeed, if I can take him with me to
Memphis
 The case he has been telling us about is somewhat similar to
the one I have on hand
’

“‘Ah, indeed
 then he will be the better prepared to work it up; by the
way, here he comes now
 How is it, Dabbs, can you go?’

“‘Yes, it is all right; when do you wish me to start, Mr
 Demar?’

“‘On the 2:30 train this afternoon--Pittsburg line; can you be ready by
that time?’

“‘Oh, yes, I’m always ready; let me know the nature of the case you wish
me to investigate
 It may be necessary to send a telegram immediately;
nothing like getting an early start in affairs of this kind; a warm
track is much easier to follow than a cold one
 I happen to have an old
partner in Memphis, which I consider quite a lucky thing in this
instance; I’ll send a dispatch directing him what to do until I arrive

Mr
 Tadpoddle will be of invaluable service to me, for he has worked in
Memphis, in my line, for many years
 Give me your case at once, Mr

Demar, and then I’ll telegraph Mr
 Tadpoddle what to do
’

“‘This will lead you into the light of the matter, Mr
 Dabbs,’ I said,
handing him the letter I had received from Harry


“When he had read the letter he handed it back to me, saying:

“‘Bad job, Mr
 Demar; these kind of cases are very difficult to manage;
but Tadpoddle and I can do it if it can be done
 I have just finished up
a case similar to this one, and I must say that crimes of that kind are
increasing fearfully; and the worst of it is the suspicion, in a
majority of such cases, falls on the wrong man; I trust it will prove so
in this one
 If it should, however, turn out that they have arrested the
right one, I must say it is a most horrible affair
 I am glad that your
friend Wallingford acted so promptly in having the premises placed in
charge of an officer--it will facilitate our work very much; then it
prevents any smuggling, or putting out of tracks by accomplices, which
is often done by partners in crime
 You may go now, Mr
 Demar; I’ll meet
you at the depot in time for the 2:30 train; I have nothing to do but
pack up my traps, which won’t take many minutes
’

“‘Well, Demar,’ said Doctor Vannesse, ‘let us go to your room now, and
then I will hear a history of this case of yours
’

“I went by the telegraph office and sent a dispatch to Harry, informing
him that I would start immediately, accompanied by the best detective
officer in the city
 ‘Guard the premises closely--life and death may
depend on that,’ were the closing words of my dispatch
 Arriving at my
room, I handed Harry’s letter to Doctor Vannesse, and while he was
reading I sat and watched the changes in his countenance wrought by the
dreadful news it contained


“‘By Jove
 Demar, this is most horrible
 It beats anything I ever heard
of; do you think she is guilty?’

“‘If she committed the murder she was insane--she never did it while in
her proper mind; she was more like an angel than a murderess
 The idea
that she committed murder for money is absurd; she hated money, and was
scattering her fortune promiscuously among the poor and needy
 There has
been a strangeness in her conduct for the last eight months which has
greatly puzzled her friends, and it may be possible that her mind was
not right
 She had had a misunderstanding with a young gentleman to whom
she was very much attached
’

“‘Ah, yes
 I see how it is; she has been laboring under temporary
insanity,’ said the doctor; ‘but I fear that will not avail her in this
case
 The pleas of insanity are becoming so frequent that all courts
view them with suspicion; I most earnestly hope you will be able to
establish her innocence
 Write to me, Demar, often, and keep me posted
as to the progress of this case; I shall not be able to discard it from
my mind until I know the final result
 Good-by, old fellow, I must leave
you now; success to you
 My respects to that charming girl you are
always talking about; I’d give a quarter’s salary to see her
 If she is
half so pretty as you say she is, it would delight me to look at her;
Lottie, yes, Lottie--that’s the name, I believe--by the by, a very
pretty name for a pretty girl; adieu
’

“When the doctor closed the door behind him as he passed out I began to
arrange my baggage, while Lottie’s dear image floated before my mind;
and my heart fluttered with excitement when I thought of the great
pleasure it would afford me to be with her once more
 I was at the depot
twenty minutes ahead of time, and impatient and nervous; so much excited
that I could not sit five minutes in one place
 I think my pulse must
have counted at least ninety to the minute; I snatched up a newspaper
and tried to read, but couldn’t do it; looked at my watch a dozen
times--compared it with the railway clock as often--then began to notice
the crowd of travelers as they came hurrying in, hoping to see Dabbs
among them, but he did not arrive until the conductor cried ‘All
aboard
’ when I saw him elbowing his way through the crowd


“‘I was afraid you would be left, Mr
 Dabbs,’ I said, as he came up


“‘Never was left in my life, sir; don’t think of me at all; I’m one of
those kind of fellows that ain’t left; I know the value of time, sir;
have been dispatching instructions to Tadpoddle; he’s got ’em before
now--good, we’re off
’

“I found it a great relief to my restless mind to be with Dabbs, for he
was an incessant talker, well posted on general subjects, and appeared
to be willing to impart what he knew without any questions from me
 He
gave me an interesting history of many notorious criminals whose dark
deeds had been brought to light by him as a detective officer
 I would
interest you with a repetition of them here, but my business is to
describe occurrences more directly connected with my story
 I will,
therefore, read you Harry’s letter, as I think it will throw more light
on the matter now in hand than anything I could say
 Here it is:

     “‘DEAR ED--Come home as quickly as you can; we are all in the
     deepest distress; a great misfortune has fallen on us, and we need
     you here to help us
 Poor Lottie is in great sorrow, and your
     presence may help to console her
 I beseech you not to lose a
     moment in coming
 Viola is in jail, charged with the murder of her
     little brother
 Oh, it is horrible
 To think that poor girl should
     be thrust into a dungeon--like a common murderer--when she is as
     innocent as a lamb
 the very thought makes the blood run cold in my
     veins
 My conscience tells me that I am responsible, to some
     extent, for this terrible calamity, though not intentionally
 The
     bare idea that Viola would commit such a foul, cruel murder, is
     preposterous
 If every man, woman and child in the city of Memphis
     were to swear she is guilty, I would believe they were mistaken

     Some awful mystery, some deep-laid scheme of villainy, has mixed
     itself up with the whole affair, and I mean to devote my life to
     the task of unearthing it
 I have registered a solemn vow in Heaven
     never to seek rest until the perpetrator of this horrible crime is
     brought to justice
 That the poor child has been cruelly murdered
     by some treacherous, cowardly villain, is a fact beyond all
     dispute; but the perpetrator has covered up his tracks so
     effectually that I fear we shall have no little difficulty in
     catching him
 I love Viola; and since this trouble has come upon
     her I love her more than ever
 I hate to use extravagant language,
     but the circumstances will justify it; I pray God to give me
     courage, strength and prudence, until I shall have unraveled this
     strange mystery
 I must confess that the evidence points directly
     to Viola as the perpetrator of this unnatural murder; and there is
     where the mystery comes in
 I happen to know that she loved her
     little brother devotedly, and instead of killing him, I believe she
     would have given up her own life to save his
 She is an angel in
     gentleness, as pure as Diana, and I would stake my life, and all my
     hopes of salvation, on her innocence; yet many people believe her
     guilty
 The poor child was murdered by poison, administered in his
     medicine
 The post-mortem examination developed this fact, so as to
     place it beyond question, large quantities of strychnine being
     found in the stomach
 I was led to hope that the evidence would
     establish the fact that the poison had been administered by
     mistake; but that hope was extinguished when Doctor Dodson made
     his statement
 The child had been suffering with chills and fever
     for several days, and Doctor Dodson was called in to take charge of
     the case; he left five small doses of quinine with Viola, directing
     her to administer one dose every two hours, commencing at four
     o’clock P
 M
 The quinine was wrapped in small slips of blue paper,
     and the bottle out of which the doctor took it was found setting on
     the mantel, where he had placed it when he measured out the
     quantity to be given the patient; and after the child was dead two
     of the doses of quinine which the doctor had made up were found on
     the table by the bedside, which, upon examination, were found to be
     unmixed with any poison; that, of course, destroyed the theory that
     strychnine had been administered by mistake
 Viola says that she
     gave the child three doses of the medicine, commencing promptly at
     four o’clock, as instructed by the doctor, and that soon after she
     gave him the third dose he began to complain of a burning in his
     stomach, which continued to grow worse until she became alarmed and
     called a servant to go after Doctor Dodson
 The servant was gone a
     long time, and, when he returned, said that he had been unable to
     find the doctor; that he had been called to see a patient, and no
     one could tell when he would be back
 By this time the child was in
     convulsions; Mr
 Ragland and his wife were at the theatre, and no
     other persons were on the premises except the servants, one of whom
     was dispatched with instructions to bring the first physician he
     could find, while another was sent to the theatre after Mr

     Ragland
 The servant who had been sent for a doctor returned in
     about an hour, accompanied by Doctor Plaxico
 It was ten minutes
     after ten when the doctor arrived, and he found the child in a
     dying condition
 Mr
 Ragland and his wife reached home a few
     minutes before the doctor
 The child expired at 11
45 P
 M
 He had
     been dead twenty minutes when Doctor Dodson came in, completely
     overwhelmed with astonishment at finding his patient dead
 Doctor
     Plaxico requested Doctor Dodson to grant him a private interview,
     and they went into another room, when Doctor Plaxico closed the
     door, turned the key in the lock, and made a cautious survey of the
     room to assure himself that they were alone; then approaching
     Doctor Dodson, he spoke in a low, cautious tone, as if measuring
     every word he uttered:

     “‘“The poor child has been murdered, as sure as God is on His
     throne
”

     “‘“Merciful Heavens
 Doctor Plaxico, don’t tell me that
” exclaimed
     Doctor Dodson, as he staggered to a sofa


     “‘“I tell you the truth, and nothing but what I know to be truth

     Would to Heaven it were not so, but the evidence is overwhelming

     That boy died from the effects of poison administered to him by
     some one in this very house, this very night; I know what I say,
     and mean what I assert
”

     “‘“Stop, Plaxico
 stop, I implore you; you don’t know what you are
     saying; you have been taking over-much wine
”

     “‘“No, you are wrong there
 not a drop have I tasted within the
     last twenty-four hours; my brain was never more clear than it is
     this moment; and again I tell you the child has been murdered
”

     “‘“Don’t say _murder_
 it takes malice to constitute murder; who
     could bear malice against an innocent little boy like him?”

     “‘“Does the highwayman bear malice against the poor traveler when
     he kills him for his money?”

     “‘“But who gets any money by the death of this poor child?”

     “‘“The very one who administered the death-dealing drug
”

     “‘”’Tis untrue
 and who utters it is an idiot
”

     “‘“Keep calm, Doctor Dodson, I beseech you; I can forgive your
     strong language, knowing, as I do, that you will soon be sorry for
     having used it; but you will be of my opinion as to this case
     before long
 We must make an autopsy, and then you will doubtless
     be convinced that the child has been dosed to death with poison
”

     “‘Doctor Dodson leaned back on the sofa, buried his face in his
     hands and groaned
 After remaining silent for a long time,
     endeavoring to collect his thoughts, he said:

     “‘“What evidence have you that causes you to conclude the child has
     been poisoned?”

     “‘“Having seen several persons die from its effects, and seeing the
     boy die from it this very night
 I knew it was poison as soon as I
     arrived, and might have saved him if I had been here an hour
     sooner; but it was too late when I came
”

     “‘“Is that all your evidence?”

     “‘“No, no
 not by any means; I have found something which I guess
     will startle you when you see it; look at that and tell me if you
     know what it is?”

     “‘“Of course--that is a small phial of strychnine; but what does
     that signify; will you please tell me?”

     “‘“I found this in a little drawer of a bureau in Miss Bramlett’s
     room
 Her brother died from the effects of poison, and she was
     ordered by you to administer quinine to her brother, but she
     administered something else
 Do I speak sufficiently plain? Do you
     understand me? Shall I say anything more by way of explaining what
     I mean?”

     “‘“Hush, hush
 for Heaven’s sake, stop
 give me time to think
 How
     many papers of the quinine had been given to the child when you
     arrived?”

     “‘“Miss Bramlett said that she administered three doses, and that
     the last one made her brother sick
”

     “‘“Did you find the doses that had not been given to the patient?”

     “‘“I found two papers on the table near the bed containing quinine,
     and have them here now
”

     “‘“Have you examined them to see whether they contain quinine or
     something else?”

     “‘“Yes, their contents is pure, unadulterated quinine
”

     “‘“You don’t mean to say that you think Miss Bramlett has
     intentionally killed her brother
”

     “‘“But I do mean to say that very thing; who else could have done
     it? How could it have been a mistake? Didn’t she administer the
     medicine? Hasn’t the boy died from poison? Doesn’t she make a large
     fortune by his death? Wasn’t she alone with him all the time? What
     was she doing with this bottle of strychnine in her bureau? All the
     lawyers in Tennessee can’t save her neck
”

     “‘“Plaxico, you are crazy as a March hare
 You don’t know what you
     are talking about
 I knew that girl when she was a mere child--have
     known her ever since--and I tell you she is one of the most
     amiable, sweet, gentle, pure girls in the world
 She doted on her
     little brother, and it is absurd to say that she has murdered him

     As for money, she despises it, and has been squandering it by
     thousands, among the worthy poor of the city
 I think the best
     policy for you to pursue is to keep your absurd opinions to
     yourself
 The poor girl has plenty of sorrow to endure, without
     your help to increase it
”

     “‘Doctor Plaxico began to pace the floor rapidly; after a few
     minutes spent in that way he squared himself in front of Doctor
     Dodson, and, looking him earnestly in the face for several seconds
     in silence, he said:

     “‘“Dodson, I have many faults, I know--faults of which I am
     heartily ashamed--I have a weakness, when it comes to wine and
     other stimulants; but I profess to be an honest, Christian
     gentleman--a God-fearing man, if you please--and I cannot get the
     consent of my conscience to let this matter drop here
 As I am a
     living man, I believe that child has been murdered--most cruelly
     deprived of his young life by his unnatural, heartless sister
 Oh,
     sir
 my heart grows faint when I think of it
 She, whose duty it
     was to love and guard that young life, has slipped in instead like
     a thief and stolen it
 Of all the crimes that ever were committed,
     this one appears to me to be the blackest, the most cowardly and
     damnable
”

     “‘“Is it not possible that you may be mistaken, after all, as to
     the cause of the child’s death?”

     “‘“Not at all; the symptoms were unmistakable and certain
”

     “‘“What course do you mean to pursue in regard to the case?”

     “‘“Notify the coroner, of course, have an inquest, make an autopsy,
     lay the evidence before the civil authorities, and then let the law
     take its course
”

     “‘“Be it so, then, and I pray God to give that poor girl strength
     to endure this great calamity, for of her purity and innocence I
     have no doubt whatever; and you will some day regret the share you
     had in bringing this suspicion down on her
”

     “‘“I never shall regret doing what is my plain duty; though I shall
     be more than delighted if it can appear that she is innocent; but I
     beg to say that I think you do me injustice when you speak of my
     bringing the suspicion down on her
 It rather seems to me that the
     circumstances are responsible for doing that, and not me
”

     “‘“One question I forgot to ask--have you said anything to Miss
     Bramlett about the phial of strychnine which you say you found in
     her bureau drawer?”

     “‘“No, I did not; nor have I mentioned it to any one but you
 Mr

     and Mrs
 Ragland know nothing whatever about my suspicions
”

     “‘“Wouldn’t it be advisable not to mention your suspicions until
     after the autopsy?”

     “‘“Probably it would; if you advise that course, I shall gladly
     concur
”

     “‘“Be it so, then; let the coroner be notified at once
”

     “‘I was soundly sleeping in my bed when a messenger from Doctor
     Dodson came thundering at my door, demanding admittance
 Before I
     was fully awake he informed me that the doctor wanted to see me as
     soon as I could come to his office
 The messenger said that
     something serious must have happened, for he never had seen the
     doctor looking so nervous and unhappy
 As soon as I could dress
     myself I hastened to the office
 The night was very dark, the
     streets swimming in mud, the dim lamps at the corners cast a pale,
     sickly light over the pavement, my boot-heels made a loud, lonely
     sound as they struck the hard stones, while the messenger walked
     quietly behind me
 My mind was in a fit condition to anticipate
     coming evil
 And strange as you may think it, I felt sure that
     something awful had happened, and that Viola was in some way mixed
     up with it
 The messenger had by no means exaggerated in his
     description of Doctor Dodson’s excitement
 I never had seen him in
     such a state of agitation as I found him when I reached his office

     He hurriedly gave me the details of what had occurred, in substance
     as I have given them to you, and I was astonished at the coolness
     with which I listened to the horrible narrative, but I believe I
     have become callous, and perhaps it is best for me to be so, as it
     will enable me to do the work before me with the deliberation that
     is so necessary
 Doctor Dodson, Heaven bless him
 agrees with me in
     the opinion that Viola is innocent, and will aid me in establishing
     it before the world
 The first thing I did was to inform Lottie of
     what had happened, and send her to stay with Viola, in order to
     sustain her, as much as possible, under this great affliction

     Lottie is in great distress, but is a perfect little heroine, and
     has been with Viola ever since the troubles commenced,
     indefatigable in her efforts to comfort and encourage her
 The next
     step was to see the newspaper managers and induce them not to
     mention the matter in the papers
 I had a double object in view, in
     that respect; in the first place, I wanted to keep Viola’s name out
     of public print; my next motive was to keep everything as private
     as possible, in order to let the detectives have a better chance to
     work up the case
 Doctor Dodson went to see the coroner--who is a
     good friend of his--and that officer agreed that the inquest might
     be held privately
 Doctors Dodson and Plaxico made a post-mortem
     examination, when the evidences of poison were unmistakable
 The
     inquest was held in Mr
 Ragland’s house, and only a few witnesses
     were examined
 The verdict of the jury would have been different,
     no doubt, but for the phial of strychnine found in Viola’s bureau
     drawer, and what is most singular and unaccountable to me, is that
     Viola acknowledges she purchased the strychnine, but refuses to
     tell for what purpose
 That circumstance alone caused the jury to
     render a verdict implicating her
 Here is the exact wording of the
     verdict, after going on with the ordinary formalities and
     recitations as to dates, venue, etc
:

     “‘“We, the jury, do find that Harry W
 Bramlett, whose body now
     lies before us, died from the effects of poison administered to him
     by Miss Viola Bramlett
”

     “‘I was present when the verdict was rendered, and I did not faint;
     in fact, you would have been surprised to see how calmly I received
     the awful news that I knew would consign Viola to the walls of a
     dungeon
 I could not account for my calmness, unless it was
     produced by hopeless despair; yet I am by no means hopeless, for I
     tell you, Eddie, as certain as there is a God, Viola is innocent,
     and I mean to prove it
 She knows something more than she is
     willing to tell, but I will yet influence her to tell all
 She has
     sustained herself remarkably well through the trying ordeal; but
     there appears to be a callousness in her manner that frightens me

     She seems to be indifferent as to her fate--says she don’t wish to
     live, but I hope she will be better as soon as the excitement
     passes off
 Bring with you one of the most experienced detectives
     you can find in Philadelphia; don’t mind the cost; I have but
     little money myself, but my friends will aid me
 Come without a
     moment’s delay
 I have taken the precaution to have the premises
     closely guarded, in order to let the detectives have a fair chance
     to investigate the case
 Everything in the two rooms occupied by
     Viola and her brother remains just as it was when the child died,
     and I have no doubt that a skillful detective will be able to
     unearth something that will explain the whole matter
 I think I
     could put my finger on the guilty party in ten minutes, but what
     good would that do unless I could prove it? If my suspicions prove
     to be well founded, I shall raise a whirlwind here that will
     startle some people who feel very secure now
 I will not breathe my
     suspicions to any one until I am able to confirm them
 I believe I
     am becoming superstitious; for there seems to be an invisible
     influence at work upon me
 It is the same feeling that told me to
     ride on the pilot of the engine when I saved Viola’s life
 That
     same something tells me that I will again save her, and that she
     will be my wife
 But this letter is too long, anyway, and I will
     sign the name of

     “‘Yours truly,

     “‘HARRY
’




CHAPTER XV



“When I arrived at Memphis I of course meant to see Lottie before any
one else, but in going to Mrs
 Rockland’s residence I had to pass
Harry’s office
 I hurried in to see him a moment, and to inquire about
the dear one I was so anxious to see


“‘How is Lottie?’ were the first words I uttered


“‘She is well,’ said Harry, ‘but of course anxious to see you
’

“‘Where will I find her?’

“‘She is at the jail with Viola, where she spends most of the time; the
truth of it is, Lottie has got more sense than all of us put together

She has exhibited more true courage and prudence in this late trouble
than any one of us
 Who is this gentleman with you?’

“‘Oh, yes, I beg pardon, Harry; I forgot to introduce Mr
 Dabbs
 Mr

Wallingford, Mr
 Dabbs; he belongs to the detective service, and has
come to assist us in this unfortunate business
’

“‘I am glad to see you here, Mr
 Dabbs,’ said Harry, offering him a
seat; this is a most distressing affair, and I hope you will go to work
at once
 As to money, I beg you to understand that it is no object in
this case; you shall have what you want
 I hope you will be able to
unravel this most singular mystery
’

“‘I shall endeavor to do so, sir; and I must request you not to let any
one know that you have engaged my services
 We must act with great
caution; these kind of cases are often found rather complicated and
difficult to manage
 I have an old friend here who has been for many
years engaged in the detective service--perhaps you may know him--Mr

Tadpoddle?’

“‘No, I am not acquainted with him
’

“‘Well, he’s a sharp fellow
 I’ll go look him up, and we’ll commence
business at once
 It will be necessary, Mr
 Wallingford, for us to meet
occasionally; where shall I find you when I want to communicate with
you?’

“‘Here at my office; you can come in the back way, and enter the inner
room, where no one will disturb us
’

“‘All right, then, you shall hear from me soon; good morning, sir,’ and
Mr
 Dabbs went out


“‘What a strange-looking man he is, Eddie
’

“‘Yes, but they say he is the most skillful detective that ever operated
in Philadelphia
’

“‘Well, if that is so, I must say he belies his looks
’

“‘Come, Harry, I must see Lottie; I cannot stop to talk now
’

“‘Wait a moment till I close the office, and I will go with you
’

“‘Don’t walk so fast, Ed,’ said Harry when we started toward the jail,
‘I can’t keep up with you; I know you want to see Lottie, but you need
not go like a whirlwind
’

“I was compelled to slacken my pace, much against my will, for I wanted
to fly to her who was more dear to me than all the world contained


“‘Have you made any new discoveries about the poisoning since you wrote
me?’

“‘Nothing definite, but we think we will be able to strike a track soon;
there have been strange doings at Mr
 Ragland’s house
’

“‘How does Viola bear her trouble?’

“‘Ah
 Ed, there is the thing that puzzles me; she acts so strangely in
the matter
 I can’t understand her
 She knows something about this
business that she will not tell, though she has promised to explain all
when her mind gets more composed
’

“‘Is your confidence in her innocence still unshaken?’

“I was truly sorry I had asked the question when Harry’s eyes met mine


“‘How can you ask me such a question when you are so well aware of the
confidence I have in that dear girl? Don’t you know how I love her?
Don’t you know I would as soon suspect an angel from Heaven as Viola?’

“I was not surprised at the extravagant language used, because I was in
love myself, and knew how Harry felt
 I had not walked more than three
steps on the jail floor when I heard Lottie’s well-known voice exclaim:

“‘That’s Eddie,--I know his walk
’ and in a moment her darling head was
on my shoulder, while her tears of joy fell on my breast
 ‘Eddie, I am
so glad you have come back to help us out of our great troubles; we have
been looking for you anxiously, and the moment I heard your step I knew
whose it was
’

“My heart was so full of joy that I could not speak for some moments


“‘Come, Ed,’ said Harry, ‘you are making a simpleton of yourself about
Lottie; leave her and come with me; we must go to Viola; how is she
to-day, sister?’

“‘Improving some little, I think, though she can’t shed tears
 If she
could only have a good hearty cry, and shed some tears, I believe it
would do her a great deal of good
 There is a settled look of hopeless
despair on her face that frightens me
’

“‘Does she talk much?’

“‘No; she scarcely ever says a word, except to answer questions
 I have
tried every way I could think of to lead her into conversation, but
without success
 She eats scarcely enough to sustain life, though she
ate more at breakfast this morning than at any one time since she has
been here
’

“‘Go in, Lottie, and ask her if she will receive a visit from Edward and
me
’

“Lottie returned in a few moments and informed us that Viola would
receive us


“‘When I told her that you and Eddie wanted to come in to see her I was
delighted to see her face brighten up, and she spoke so quickly and said
she would be delighted to see you; I think it is a favorable sign; it is
the first time she has manifested the least interest about anything
since she has been here
’

“I was prepared to see a great change in Viola’s appearance, but not for
such a one as it was
 Her face was as white as marble, and I never had
seen such a look of anguish as was fixed on her countenance
 She rose,
as we entered, and offered me her hand--it was as cold as a lump of ice


“‘How is your health, Miss Bramlett?’ I inquired


“‘Very good, I thank you,’ was the faint reply


“I never was so embarrassed in my life, and Harry, poor fellow, stood
like a statue, unable to aid me; he was more confused than I was

Lottie, however, came to my assistance promptly


“‘Sit down, Eddie; sit down, brother, and let us talk over old times,
while Viola and I are at work
 Here, Viola, hold the hank while I wind
the thread on this ball
’

“Viola moved her seat so as to face Lottie, and held out her little
white hands to receive the hank


“‘There, now; Eddie, you sit on this side, so I can look at you while I
work; you have been away so long I have almost forgotten how you look
 I
declare, you look much better than you did when you went away; don’t you
think he does, Viola?’

“‘Yes,’ she replied sadly


“I was delighted at Lottie’s skill in maneuvering to divert Viola and
lead her into conversation; it was a clever piece of strategy, and, to
some extent, succeeded
 The jailer was an old school-mate of Harry’s,
and this proved to be a fortunate circumstance, as it enabled us to
secure for Viola a large room, well lighted and ventilated
 Harry had
caused the floor to be covered with a costly carpet of the most
exquisite texture, and heavy damask curtains hung over the windows; then
over the damask were hung others of snow-white lace
 A bureau,
wash-stand, wardrobe and bedstead of polished rosewood gave the room a
cozy appearance, while a sofa with red silk cushions seemed to invite
the weary body to lie down and rest
 On the bureau sat two large china
vases, both filled with choice flowers
 One rocking-chair, with soft
velvet cushions, and two common cane bottom chairs constituted the
furniture that Harry had caused to be put in the room
 He had even had a
costly curtain hung over the heavy iron door, in order to hide from
Viola’s sight everything calculated to remind her that she was a
prisoner
 There was nothing to be seen on the inside of the room that
looked like the walls of a prison, but it was more like a sleeping
apartment
 Lottie had been no less thoughtful than her brother of
Viola’s comfort, for she had brought old Roderick to the jail, and that
chatty bird usually made things lively wherever he went
 A pair of
canaries occasionally enlivened the room with a song, from the little
silver-mounted cage that sat on the top of the wardrobe
 All these pets
had been brought there by Lottie


“‘Harry,’ said Lottie, ‘you come and finish winding this thread while I
go and see about dinner; we are going to have a real old-fashioned
dinner to-day; mind you don’t tangle my thread; Viola, as soon as you
get through with that hank you’ll find three more in my basket; I want
you to hold them while Harry winds them off; will you, dear?’

“‘Yes, Lottie,’ was the soft reply


“‘Lottie loves Ed
 Lottie loves Ed
 here we come, Lottie
’ screamed old
Roderick, who was peeping down from the top of the wardrobe


“‘Hush up, you old tattler
 you needn’t tell all my secrets before
company,’ said Lottie; and, taking me by the arm: ‘Come, you must go and
help me get dinner; we don’t uphold any idleness here
’

“I divined her object, and followed her from the room, as it was evident
she wanted to leave Harry and Viola alone


“‘You are the sweetest darling in the whole world, Lottie
’ said I; ‘you
can think of so many ways to make people comfortable and happy
’

“‘I am truly glad you think so; I am always happy when you are pleased
with me
’

“‘You will always be happy, then, for I am always pleased with you
’

“‘Do you think Harry and Viola will ever make matters up, and be as they
were in the good old days?’

“‘Yes, certainly I do; Harry’s pride has undergone considerable
shrinkage since Viola’s troubles commenced, and I think he will be glad
to come down from his lofty hobby
’

“‘You must put your wits to work, Eddie, so as to help me bring them to
an understanding
 I am going to have dinner served in Viola’s room, and
you must assist in keeping up the conversation, and not sit there
looking as if you had a blister-plaster over your mouth, as you did a
while ago, but try to invent something to talk about
 Now come along,
and I’ll put you to work,’ and she led me to the steward’s
headquarters


“‘Mr
 Toddleburg,’ said Lottie, ‘I want you to help me get a good dinner
to-day, to be served in Miss Bramlett’s room; will you do it?’

“‘How could anybody refuse to do anything when requested by Miss
Wallingford?’

“‘Thank you, thank you, Mr
 Toddleburg; you are very kind
’

“As Lottie passed on and entered the cook-room, the little man said to
me:

“‘That is the prettiest young lady I ever saw, sir, and she is as good
as she is pretty
 I’ll do anything to please her
’

“‘Why don’t you come along, Eddie? I mean to put you to work; you shall
not be idle here
 Take those eggs and break them in that bowl, and beat
them well, while I get some flour and sugar; I am going to teach you how
to make a real nice pudding
’

“I broke the eggs as she directed, and began to beat them very
awkwardly, while I watched her beautiful form moving about like a fairy,
her sleeves rolled up, exposing to view the prettiest pair of round,
plump, white arms that any man ever saw
 By the time I had finished
beating the eggs she was measuring the flour into a tray


“‘There now,’ said I, ‘my job is finished, Lottie; I think I have earned
a kiss, and I demand payment
’

“‘I’ll have to give it to you, I reckon; I suppose I must be kind to my
old thief, as he has been away so long
’

“Then she approached me, with her hands covered with flour, and held up
her pretty lips to receive my kiss


“‘There, now, go and grind some spice; be in a hurry--I shall need it
soon
’

“I obeyed orders and ground the spice


“‘Now go and tell the steward to have a small table carried to Viola’s
room, and a nice white cloth spread on it; get four plates, four
napkins, four goblets, and everything necessary for four distinguished
guests
’

“I went to the steward, and he assisted in arranging the dinner table as
Lottie had directed
 This was the first time I had helped her to prepare
a dinner since the old days of our tramphood, and it naturally caused my
mind to stray back to those happy hours, making me forget the great
troubles by which we then were surrounded
 As soon as I had finished
executing Lottie’s orders, I re-appeared in the cook-house, where I
found her very busy with the preparation of the dinner


“‘How are they getting on, Eddie?’

“‘How is who getting on?’

“‘Why, Harry and Viola, of course
’

“‘Oh, they are getting on splendidly, I judge from the appearance of
things; the hanks were terribly tousled, the balls all scattered about
on the floor, and Viola’s cheeks showed a little crimson tinge; in fact,
she blushed perceptibly as I entered the room
 Would you not say that
was a favorable omen?’

“‘The very best in the world
’

“‘That was a skillful maneuver, Lottie, to put them to winding yarn;
nothing could have been better
’

“‘I thought so; because if we can get them to talking freely all will
come right
’

“‘They were conversing when I went in, and Viola dropped the yarn on the
floor
’

“‘Ah
 if we can just control Harry we shall all be happy once more
 If
Viola would only tell what she knows about the death of her brother,
Harry would be able to establish her innocence and take her out of
prison
 She, of course, can never be happy while this dreadful suspicion
hangs over her
’

“‘What is it that you think she knows and refuses to tell?’

“‘Oh, don’t ask me to tell you what I know
 I am somewhat of a detective
myself, and I’ll have you know that I can see into a mill-stone as
deeply as anybody
 You shall hear from me at the proper time; the
murderer of that poor little boy is not in this jail by a long way
’

“‘What on earth do you mean? Do you know who is the guilty party?’

“‘I would stake my life on it
’

“‘If you know who committed that cruel murder why do you allow this poor
girl to remain in jail?’

“‘Ah
 there’s the rub; we must be able to make the proof before we flush
the covey
’

“‘Have you mentioned to Harry anything on this subject?’

“‘Not a word; he was so much excited I was afraid he would commit some
foolish blunder and spoil everything
’

“‘Lottie, do you know I think you are the most sensible, prudent girl
that ever lived? I wish Harry had half the prudence you have; he has
plenty of good sense, but he is so impetuous, so proud and unyielding
’

“‘He never was that way until Viola came from New York to spend the
winter with me
 He loved her devotedly, and thought it would be
dishonorable to marry her while she was so rich and he so poor
 If we
can get them reconciled, and induce him to propose to her, then we shall
soon be able to extricate her from this unpleasant situation
 Did you
know I have been afraid that Viola contemplated suicide?’

“‘No; I had no idea of such a thing
’

“‘Well, I have been afraid of it ever since Harry was so ill; and if he
had died, it is my opinion that she would not have survived him an
hour
’

“‘What circumstance led you to believe that?’

“‘Oh, don’t be so inquisitive; I am not going to tell you all my
secrets
 Go on about your business now; I am done with you until dinner
is served
’

“I reluctantly obeyed, and returned to Viola’s room, where I was
overjoyed to find Harry and her engaged in earnest conversation, in an
undertone
 I was a little sorry, however, when I saw that I had
unfortunately interrupted a conversation in which they both seemed to be
deeply interested, and I gathered up a few stray flowers that were
scattered about the bureau top, and immediately left the room--making it
appear that I had merely come in after the flowers


“‘They are all right,’ said I to Lottie, as I entered the cook-room; ‘I
surprised them in the midst of an earnest conversation, and they were
both very much flurried; but I hastened to pick up these flowers and
leave the room
’

“‘Did you learn what they were talking about?’

“‘I heard Harry tell one truth, if he never tells another
’

“‘What was it?’

“‘He said, “Viola, I know I have acted the fool; and I pray you to
forgive me
”’

“‘And what did she say in reply?’

“‘I entered the room just then, but I saw from her looks that she was
going to forgive him
’

“‘How unfortunate it was that you happened in at such a moment
’

“‘Well, didn’t you order me to go? and don’t you know I obeyed with
reluctance?’

“‘Oh, bother your obedience
 you are mighty good to obey orders when you
want to; but I suppose I must forgive you, and let you stay here, though
you shall not be idle
 Set that pan on the stove there, and fill it with
water; then take the other one off and wipe it dry with a napkin and put
it back; don’t spill water on the other things; I think I shall make an
excellent cook of you one of these days
’

“‘You can make anything of me, because you are such a darling teacher
’

“‘I couldn’t make a flatterer of you: nature has taken the job off my
hands
’

“‘I wish nature had furnished me with some strong language so I could
tell my Lottie how dearly I love her
’

“‘Look at you now
 you are dropping the water in that bowl
’

“‘Oh, I ask pardon--I didn’t see it
’

“We delayed dinner until late in the afternoon in order to afford Harry
and Viola an opportunity to come to an understanding; and we had reason
to believe that what we so much desired had taken place
 Lottie and I
brought the dinner in, and when it was ready she managed to seat Viola
and Harry on the same side of the table, and she and I sat at the other


“‘Now, Viola,’ said Lottie, ‘I have made you some of your favorite soup;
I know you will like it, and I am sure it will do you good, and shall be
glad if you will try it
’

“Viola smiled faintly; it was the first thing like a smile that had
lighted up her pale face since her brother’s death


“‘You are very kind, Lottie,’ she said, ‘and I know I shall like the
soup; I have no appetite, however, but will try some of it to please
you
’

“‘Here are three bottles of home-made wine--real grape juice--take some,
Viola, you’ll find it excellent
 It is the best appetizer in the
world--the very thing you need,’ she continued


“Viola took a small glass of the wine and drank it


“‘What do you think of it?’

“‘It is very good, and I think it will help me to regain my appetite
’

“We spent a couple of hours pleasantly at dinner; I assisted Lottie in
clearing the table, and then Harry and I took leave of the young ladies,
promising to visit them early next morning


“‘Well, Harry,’ said I, as soon as we were out of the jail, ‘how stand
matters between you and Viola?’

“‘Oh, we are all right now, I hope
’

“‘Tell me all about it
’

“‘Ah
 Eddie, I have been very foolish, and I mean to make all the
reparation in my power
 Poor Viola
 I have caused her much grief, but I
thought I was acting right in what I did
 She has promised to marry me
when the proof of her innocence can be established
’

“‘Did she tell you for what purpose she had purchased the phial of
strychnine?’

“‘No, she positively refuses to do so; and I consider that very
unfortunate, because that is the strongest point against her
 I have by
no means abandoned the hope of yet persuading her to reveal everything
she knows about the matter
 Her mind is now in a very unsettled
condition; and whose mind would be otherwise, with so much to endure

The only wonder is that she has been able to bear it at all
’

“‘When is her case to be tried?’

“‘It is my opinion that she never will be tried; we waived the
preliminary examination which, according to our laws, would have brought
her into a magistrate’s court,--and consented to let her be remanded to
jail until the grand jury investigates the case
 I took this course to
prevent publicity, and to save Viola the pain of being compelled to
appear at the bar as a common criminal
 Of course she will have to be
tried in open court, unless we can untangle the mystery in time to
convince the grand jury of her innocence, which I mean to make a
desperate effort to do
 Viola is in possession of secrets connected with
this matter which she refuses to reveal, but I am inclined to hope that
as soon as her mind becomes more composed she will consent to tell me
everything
’

“‘Did you know that Lottie is also in possession of some strange secret
bearing on this case?’

“‘Indeed I did not; pray, what is it?’

“‘She refuses to tell me, but says she will do so at the proper time
’

“‘I declare, there is no accounting for a woman’s freaks
 If this is not
a proper time to tell what they know, I should like to be informed when
it would be
’

“‘I think you are wrong there
 Lottie, you know, is a sensible girl,
possessed of great prudence, and you may rest assured she will aid us at
the right moment
 She says she knows who it is that committed the
murder, and that it is a person who never has been suspected
’

“‘Why does she refuse to tell us who it is, then?’

“‘Because the proof is wanting to establish the fact
 By the by, Harry,
have you no suspicions on your mind as to who perpetrated the murder?’

“‘I have, but am unable to offer any good reason for it; therefore, I
could not think of naming the person on whom my suspicions rest
’

“‘Then it appears to me that there is but very little difference between
the position you occupy and the one held by Lottie
’

“‘I must say that I cannot see it in that light; for I understand you to
say Lottie informed you that she knew who committed the murder, while I
say I only have a mere suspicion as to the perpetrator
’

“‘Well, it amounts to the same thing, after all, because Lottie, I
guess, does not really know, positively, who is the guilty party; but we
must all get together, some day soon, and have a plain talk and a better
understanding
 We must tell each other exactly what we know and what we
think; then put our shoulders to the wheel and see if we can’t make
things move in the right direction
’

“‘I agree with you there, Eddie; because if we fail in this business I
am a ruined man
’

“‘We are not going to fail; have no fears on that score
 But tell me
how it was that you and Viola happened to make things up
’

“‘Well, I don’t mind telling you everything; because you are in love
yourself, you know
’

“‘I should think I did know it
’

“‘Very good, then, I’ll tell you all about it
 I wouldn’t tell it to you
if you were not head and ears in love; because people who don’t love
don’t understand such things
 They sneer at the idea of a true and holy
affection--call it nonsense, and all that; but you know how it is
yourself, don’t you?’

“‘Oh, go on
 I think I do
’

“‘Well, in the first place, you know my views in regard to unprincipled
fortune-hunters, and that I had registered a solemn vow that I never
would place myself in a position where such an imputation could be laid
upon me
 As to that, my mind is unchanged, but circumstances have
materially changed
 My uncle, who went to California about the time we
came to Memphis, has made a large fortune, and I have received several
letters from him, and I reckon I had better show you the last one, which
came only ten days ago: here it is:

     “‘DEAR HARRY--I received a long letter the other day from Mr

     Rockland, who speaks in the highest praise of you
 He said you
     would soon be prepared to enter the profession of law with
     brilliant prospects--spoke of your moral character as being
     first-class, and seems to be very proud of you
 The history he gave
     of Lottie was such as to increase my curiosity to see her; he
     thinks she is far superior to other young ladles, and his praise of
     her beauty and gentle manners was most extravagant
 You cannot
     imagine the pleasure it gave me to hear such a favorable report
     from my dear deceased sister’s children
 I presume you know I am a
     bachelor--such is the case, whether you know it or not--and am
     living a sad and lonely life here
 I have been very fortunate in
     the mining business--have accumulated a large fortune; have no
     children to inherit it; no brothers or sisters--in fact, no one to
     give it to except you and your charming sister
 This being the
     case, you may easily understand why Mr
 Rockland’s favorable report
     gave me such satisfaction
 When one works hard to make a fortune he
     don’t like to leave it to be squandered by unworthy relatives
 It
     is a source of much gratification, therefore, to know that I shall
     leave mine in the hands of two such worthy children as you and
     Lottie
 I am getting old now, and would like very much to have you
     and Lottie with me, and should have sent for you some time ago,
     but it is my intention to wind up my affairs here and return to
     Memphis
 If I succeed in this, I shall of course expect you and
     your charming sister to live with me
 Mr
 Rockland says that Lottie
     is engaged to be married to a very worthy young physician
’

“‘I am much obliged to Mr
 Rockland for his good opinion
’

“‘Hold on until I finish the letter
’

     “‘I cannot,’ the letter continued, ‘express the gratitude I feel
     toward Mr
 Rockland for his kindness to my nephew and niece
 I own
     a large interest in a very rich mine here, and if I can sell it for
     what I think it is worth, I shall soon be ready to make my home
     permanently in Memphis
 You will present to Mr
 Rockland my warmest
     thanks; and tell my charming niece that I am looking forward with
     anxiety to the time when I shall hold her in my old arms


     “‘Yours most truly,

     “‘OLIVER STANLEY
’

“‘Ah
 Harry, what a lucky fellow you are
’

“‘Does not the good luck strike you, too? Doesn’t Lottie get half? And
don’t you get Lottie, and her money, too?’

“‘Oh, bother the money
 my Lottie is worth a hundred thousand such gold
mines
’

“‘Yes, but in my case, you see, it is different; I don’t care so much
for the money, you know, but it makes honors easy between Viola and me
’

“‘Very good; now, go on and tell me how you succeeded with Viola
’

“‘I shall do so cheerfully; because I like to talk with you about such
things, for you are in a condition to appreciate my narrative
 Well, you
see, when Lottie put Viola and me to winding thread, it afforded a topic
of conversation; that was very thoughtful in Lottie, wasn’t it?’

“‘I think it was; but go on with your story
’

“‘You see when the thread would get tangled we had to help each other
fix it
’

“‘“Run the ball through here, Mr
 Wallingford,” said Viola, “no, not
that way, but the other--just here between my hands; there, that’s
right; no, I beg pardon, it was all my fault, for you were doing it
right before I spoke; you’ll have to run the ball back the same way
between my hands
”

“‘Now, Ed, you must understand that while all this was going on I was
not looking at the hank of thread, but was gazing intently at the
beautiful darling before me
 As a natural result, instead of untangling
the thread, we kept making it worse
 I shall hereafter recommend all
bashful young people to wind yarn when they wish to make love--there’s
nothing equal to it, as an entering-wedge to conversation


“‘“Stop, Viola,” said I, as I took hold of her little hand, “you have
got this thread in a desperate fix; let me hold this end on your wrist
while you untangle the other
”

“‘This gave me an excuse to hold her hand, which I assure you I did


“‘“How pale your hand looks, Viola
” I said, as I let the hank fall, and
took her hand with both of mine


“‘“Yes, my hand is pale, I believe
”

“‘“You have a very small hand, too
”

“‘“Yes, I believe it is quite small; but we had better finish the work
that Lottie gave us to do
”

“‘“No, let us talk a while; we’ll have plenty of time to do the work
 I
think this is quite a pretty little hand
”

“‘“Do you?”

“‘“Yes, indeed I do; and I think the owner of this hand is very pretty,
too
”

“‘“I declare, we must finish this thread
”

“‘She then made a grab at the ball and missed it, and it went rolling to
the other side of the room
 She went after it,--two of the hanks had
fallen to the floor--and in crossing the room her feet became entangled
in the thread, so that when she picked up the ball and started back she
tripped and fell plump into my arms
 Of course I could do no less than
catch her, else she would have fallen to the floor


“‘“Dear Viola,” I exclaimed, “I love you with all my heart
 Dare I hope
that you ever will be mine? Speak, darling, I implore you
 No man ever
loved as I love you
 Give me one little word of encouragement, I beseech
you
”

“‘“Do you believe me innocent of the awful crime of which I am charged?”
she asked


“‘“Believe you innocent, my loved one? I would as soon suspect an angel
from Heaven as you
 Nay, I would risk my soul’s salvation on your
innocence
 If I had a hundred thousand lives, I’d risk them all on your
honor
 If a legion of witnesses were to swear you are guilty, I would
not believe it
 Viola, can you forgive the past? Will you allow me to
hope that you ever will love me? I cannot endure this miserable
torture
”

“‘“Harry, would you be willing to accept my hand while this dark cloud
of disgrace is hovering over me?”

“‘“Yes, yes, darling
 ten thousand times yes
”

“‘She nestled her face into my bosom and burst into tears; then, Ed, I
knew she was mine, and my joy was unutterable
 I suppose, however, you
know all about such feelings
 When she became composed she promised to
marry me when her innocence should be made manifest to the world
 Now
you know all, and can readily appreciate my feelings
’




CHAPTER XVI



“It was on the morning of the fourth day after my return from
Philadelphia that I went to Harry’s office for the purpose of holding a
consultation with him in regard to Miss Bramlett’s case
 I was anxious
to know what progress had been made by the detectives in their
investigations
 I had been devoting all my time to the business, and was
more mystified at the end of four days than I was at the beginning
 I
had spent some time in making a survey of the buildings and premises
where the murder had been committed; this I had been advised to do by
Mr
 Rockland, who had manifested considerable interest in the case
 I
had great confidence in the cool judgment of Mr
 Rockland, as well as
unlimited faith in him as a skillful criminal lawyer; and he told me
that a thorough investigation of the house and its contents was a matter
that ought by no means to be neglected; therefore I had undertaken that
job as my part of the work
 I had taken great pains to make a correct
diagram of the house and grounds--including the kitchen, servants’
rooms, stables, garden, with all the entrances by which persons could
get into the inclosure
 I was very much gratified when I presented my
diagram to Mr
 Rockland, for he examined it carefully, and then
observed, ‘that the work was satisfactory, and had been very skillfully
executed
’

“‘If I am not very much mistaken, Mr
 Demar,’ he said, ‘you will find
that this map will be of invaluable service to you before this affair is
finally disposed of
 If it should turn out, as you seem to think, that
the crime has been the work of some other person, you may expect to find
secret entrances to the grounds--but I regret to say that I fear you
will find no little difficulty in establishing Miss Bramlett’s
innocence
 I have no hesitation, understand me, in asserting that I have
always regarded Miss Bramlett as a pure, honest young lady; but, judging
from the reports that have reached me in regard to her strange conduct,
I am led to believe that her mind has not been altogether right
 If it
comes to the worst, I shall advise the plea of insanity to be filed
 I
am well aware of the fact that pleas of that sort are becoming quite
common of late, and that the courts are inclined to view them with
suspicion, yet in this case I have no doubt that the evidence will be so
full as to overcome all doubt
 You may depend on me, Mr
 Demar, so far
as my humble ability may be concerned, because I deeply sympathize with
this unfortunate young lady; and then her father was my true friend, and
I should be an ungrateful wretch if I did not put forth all my energy
and influence in behalf of his daughter
’

“It was indeed with a sorrowful heart beating in my bosom that I
separated from Mr
 Rockland at the close of the interview just related

I had watched Miss Bramlett closely during the frequent visits I had
made to the jail, and my observations convinced me that, notwithstanding
her mind was sad and unsettled, she had complete control of her reason

Then, in the second place, I knew that if we succeeded in proving her
insane, it would be a fatal blow to Harry’s happiness
 The room in which
young Harry Bramlett died was a small square bedroom on the second
floor, in the south-west corner of Mr
 Ragland’s house, and adjacent to
the one that had been occupied by Miss Bramlett
 There was a partition
door in the wall that separated the two rooms
 Miss Bramlett’s room was
a larger one than that occupied by her young brother, and had two
windows and one door besides the door that was in the partition wall

One of the windows was in the front overlooking the street--the other
in the side overlooking a small flower garden that lay on the south side
of the building
 The furniture of Miss Bramlett’s room, which remained
just as it was when her brother died, consisted of a marble-top bureau,
a small mahogany bedstead, with canopy hung with pink silk, a large
rosewood wardrobe, a marble-top wash-stand, a low sofa with green
cushions, an easy-chair with red plush cushions, a cane bottom
rocking-chair, three large trunks and four common cane bottom chairs
 A
life-size portrait of Mr
 Bramlett swung by a red twisted cord against
the south wall of the room, while Mrs
 Bramlett’s picture, in a large
gold frame, hung just above the bed
 A photograph of Miss Bramlett and
her little brother, both in the same frame, hung near the partition
door
 As I gazed on Miss Bramlett’s picture, with one hand clasped in
that of her little brother, I was then and there convinced that she
never had murdered him
 Such an expression of purity beamed forth from
the beautiful face as to prove to my mind that no secret thoughts of
murder ever had lurked in her breast
 I was informed that not an article
in the rooms had been moved since the night when the little boy died--no
one had been permitted to enter either one of the rooms after the corpse
had been removed, until Mr
 Dabbs had arrived
 A guard had been placed
at the entrance, with positive orders not to allow any one to enter the
rooms; this had been done at Harry’s request


“When I arrived at Harry’s office I found him alone; but while he and I
were engaged in examining my diagram Dabbs and Tadpoddle came into the
inner room from the back entrance, and informed us that they had
important facts to communicate
 This was the first time that I ever had
laid my eyes on Mr
 Tadpoddle, and if it had not been for the
seriousness of the business in which we were engaged, I should have
laughed outright as soon as I saw him
 The comical expression of his
features--the peculiar shape of his nose, the fantastic style of his
dress, and the singular disproportion which the length of his legs bore
to the size of his body, all combined to produce a ridiculous object
 To
undertake to describe him would be a failure
 He was neither man, beast,
fowl nor fish, but in some respects resembled all
 His right ear was
near the back of his beard
 The place where his nose should have been
looked like a toad-stool on a sapling
 His left eye was large and very
white, the other small and three-cornered; the little one seemed to be
afraid of the big one--they were continually playing hide and seek with
each other, and at no time were both on duty at the same moment
 When
the big one was awake, the little one was asleep
 I noticed that when
the big one would retire from duty, the little one would come to the
front cautiously and gaze over to see if the other had certainly gone;
and if any movement was made by the big one, the little one would dart
back into his hole
 It was clear to my mind that nature did not intend
to make a man when Tadpoddle was commenced; but the whole concern seemed
to convey the idea that nature intended him for a huge joke


“‘If you will close that door, Mr
 Wallingford,’ said Mr
 Dabbs, ‘so
that we will be free from interruption, I have an important report to
make
’

“Harry closed the door, and requested him to proceed


“‘Have you found out who committed the murder?’ Harry inquired, as he
fixed his eyes on Mr
 Dabbs’ face with a look of intense anxiety


“‘Mr
 Wallingford, you have learned the lawyer’s habit early, I
perceive--you have commenced a sort of cross-examination before the
examination in chief has been gone through with
 You lawyers have a way
of setting your pumps to work on a fellow so as to draw out information
which in some instances ought not to be exposed so soon--but in this
particular case, I trust you will not consider me rude or discourteous
if I decline to be cross-examined
 It is our business to examine people,
and not to suffer ourselves to be examined by them; you need not trouble
yourself to put questions to me; I’ll furnish you with such information
as I think you ought to have, and withhold such as ought to be
withheld
’

“Harry bit his lips with vexation


“‘I suppose, Mr
 Dabbs, I ought to submit to such conditions as you may
choose to propose; and I shall do it very cheerfully if it will aid in
unearthing this mystery
’

“‘So far as mystery is concerned, Mr
 Wallingford, I must at once
undeceive you; I have as yet encountered no mystery at all--on the
contrary, I think the case unusually plain--don’t you, Mr
 Tadpoddle?’

“‘Unquestionably, unquestionably, Mr
 Dabbs; I never saw a plainer case
in my life--evidence ample to convict; never saw a better chain of
circumstantial evidence; overwhelming, overwhelming, sir--no use to
hesitate; no mistake here
 My sister’s statement settles the question
beyond doubt
 I presume, Mr
 Wallingford, you know my sister, Miss
Jemima Tadpoddle?’

“‘No,’ said Harry, his face reddening with impatience, ‘I am sorry to
say I have not had the honor to know Miss Tadpoddle
’

“‘Indeed, sir
 that’s unfortunate; I must avail myself of the pleasure
to introduce you to my sister; a most remarkable woman, sir--rather
masculine in her views, but sensible and prudent
 We are indebted to her
for our success in this case
 The fact is, Mr
 Wallingford, I am
indebted to my remarkable sister for my success in life generally
 She
would be delighted to know you, and I dare say you would be much pleased
with her
 She would be able to advise you in this business, no doubt, as
her judgment may be relied on; but let that pass for the present
 What
was it you were about to observe, Mr
 Wallingford?’

“‘I was about to ask a question; but then I remembered that you and Mr

Dabbs had intimated a wish not to be questioned
’

“‘Oh, not at all, sir; you misunderstand us entirely
 We don’t prohibit
questions--we only decline to be examined like an ordinary witness in
court
 Ask as many questions as you please--we’ll only answer such as we
choose
’

“Then Mr
 Tadpoddle threw himself back in his chair, put the small eye
on duty, and waited for the question


“‘If you have any communication to make in regard to the discoveries you
have made, I should like to hear them now
’

“‘Just so, Mr
 Wallingford, no doubt you would; and that is what brought
us here to-day
 I am well aware of the interest you feel in Miss
Bramlett’s case, and so told my remarkable sister, and she also
appreciated the situation very much
 By the by, Dabbs, don’t you think
we had better tell Mr
 Wallingford what my remarkable sister knows about
the case?’

“‘I think we had, Mr
 Tadpoddle; but let them be told after the other
facts have been related--nothing like beginning at the right end, you
know
 There are two ways to tell anything--one right way, and one wrong
way; always commence a story at the right end, you see
 What your sister
knows comes last, in order to make the chain of evidence complete
’

“‘Ah, yes, Dabbs, I perceive now that you are right
 Well, you tell Mr

Wallingford about the other things, and when it comes to my sister’s
part, then let me in
’

“I was losing my self-possession, and felt as if I must do something
rash very soon; I think I should have hurled a lump of coal at Mr

Tadpoddle’s little gourd head, but my attention was diverted to Mr

Dabbs, who began to take something from his pocket-book


“‘This little parcel, Mr
 Wallingford, is a dose of strychnine similar
to the one that killed Miss Bramlett’s little brother
 Well, what of
that? is the question that naturally would come up in your mind
 You’ll
observe, Mr
 Wallingford, that I am only drawing an inference as to
ideas, etc
, which would be likely to present themselves
 Well, what if
that is strychnine? you say
 Very good
 I reply, The deceased was
murdered with strychnine
 Some one administered the poison
 Who? ah

that’s the question
 I answer without hesitation: Miss Bramlett
’

“‘Tis false
’ exclaimed Harry, as he made at the detective with eyes
flashing with rage
 ‘I’ll choke the breath from the villain’s lungs who
dares to accuse Miss Bramlett
’

“I quickly placed myself before Harry, and prevented him from choking
Mr
 Dabbs, and endeavored to keep him quiet, though I thought a little
pressure on Dabbs’ wind-pipe would have been justifiable
 I succeeded in
getting Harry to resume his seat, then requested Mr
 Dabbs to proceed


“‘If Mr
 Wallingford is unwilling to hear facts,’ said Dabbs, ‘we had
better let the interview terminate here
 It is our duty, as officers of
the law, to close our eyes to consequences, and bring facts to light
 We
can’t consider the feelings and wishes of individuals, in our searches
after truth; if we did, we should accomplish nothing
 We do not make
evidence, we only bring to light that which is made by circumstances and
concealed by fraud
 If the evidence that we have discovered does not
please Mr
 Wallingford, we will not thrust it on his hearing, but will
deliver it to the officers of the law, whose duty it is to use it in
punishing the guilty, and protecting the innocent
’

“‘You are right, Mr
 Dabbs, and I was wrong,’ said Harry, as he leaned
his head down on the window-sill and sighed sadly
 ‘Tell us the worst at
once
’

“‘Well this dose of strychnine was found in Miss Bramlett’s room,
concealed in the pocket of a blue silk dress which belonged to her
’

“Mr
 Dabbs paused, and looked at Tadpoddle
 Tadpoddle put the big eye on
duty, while the little one made a precipitate retreat
 Harry groaned
like one whose heart was crushed
 I wanted to commit some kind of
mischief, but did not exactly know what it was
 At length Dabbs spoke
again, after he had sufficiently enjoyed the misery inflicted on us by
the first revelation:

“‘The mere naked fact that Miss Bramlett had a dose of strychnine in one
of her dress pockets does not signify much, but when viewed in
connection with other circumstances, the case is different
 To sum up
the ideas, we must be very cautious to sift things so as to separate the
wheat from the chaff; however, we don’t always find it prudent even to
throw away the chaff; because it will sometimes show us which way the
wind blows
 Now in this case I think we can see which way the wind is
blowing without the use of the chaff
 The fact is, the breeze seems to
be all the time blowing in the same direction
 We found three small
scraps of blue paper; two upon chemical examination were found to
contain small quantities of quinine, while the other one contained
unmistakable evidence of having been filled with strychnine
 We found a
little package of quinine in the fire-place; now it is very plain that
this was emptied out of one of the papers left by Doctor Dodson, and
that the strychnine was put in the same paper instead of the quinine

That goes to show beyond doubt that the poison was administered
intentionally; but by whom? you would of course be inclined to ask

Very good; let us proceed to make the inquiry further
’

“‘Now,’ said Tadpoddle, ‘I think is the time to tell Mr
 Wallingford
what valuable evidence has been discovered by my remarkable sister
’

“Mr
 Tadpoddle’s little eye then went back to its hole, and the big one
came to the front


“‘No, not yet, Mr
 Tadpoddle,’ said Dabbs, as he bit the corner off of a
plug of tobacco and began to chew it with great energy; ‘there are other
matters to be mentioned before we disclose your sister’s evidence
 There
is the secret gate, you must remember; that will furnish a very strong
link in our chain--a link which I consider of great importance
 So far,
so good
 Now, Mr
 Tadpoddle, allow me to call your attention to a
certain letter or note--some people, I believe, would call it a
billet-doux; no matter what they call it--nothing in a name, you know;
at least, Mr
 Shakespeare so testified in favor of that idea
 Be so kind
as to hand me that billet-doux, Mr
 Tadpoddle
 I believe I gave it to
you?’

“Tadpoddle’s big eye retired slowly, and the little one came out and
then darted back; then came out again--a game of hide and seek being
commenced between them
 The big eye seemed to be hesitating, as if
undecided about the propriety of giving the field to the little one
 But
the little one appeared to have scraped up courage, and made a bold
charge to the front, when the large eye gave up the contest at last, and
hid in its den
 Tadpoddle seemed to be waiting to know which eye he
would have to depend on, while looking for the note, but as soon as the
matter was settled, he drew from his breast pocket an old pocket-book,
and began to take out a great number of old dirty papers, carefully
scrutinizing each one as he took it out


“‘Ah, here it is, Mr
 Dabbs; by Jove, it’s a clincher, ain’t it?’

“Dabbs did not reply to Tadpoddle’s question, but turning his attention
to Harry, said:

“‘Mr
 Wallingford, you will pardon me, sir, but duty, is duty, you know,
and at the risk of incurring your displeasure, I must perform my duty

You will doubtless be surprised to learn that Miss Bramlett has been
holding clandestine meetings with a low-down gambler for many months
’

“Harry would have knocked him down, but I anticipated the movement, and
held him in his seat


“‘Edward,’ said he, ‘must I sit here and listen to this? Am I a
contemptible coward? Shall I let them kill that poor girl, and then
blacken her fair name? Is this Harry Wallingford who sits here, quietly
listening to such a foul slander on the name of his affianced bride

Would you have me to whine and smile and fawn on the base wretch who
utters such language?’

“‘If ever there was a time when it was necessary for you to control your
temper, that time is now
 The awful situation in which Miss Bramlett is
placed should convince you that nothing can be done for her unless cool
judgment and common sense shall take the place of passion and rashness

Mr
 Dabbs may be mistaken in his conclusions, and I think he is, yet he
believes he is performing his duty, therefore, I beseech you to hear all
he has to say
 Then, after we have heard it all, we will advise with Mr

Rockland on the subject--I have great confidence in his sound judgment,
and I know his sympathies are with us
 Give us a promise, now, Harry,
that you will endeavor to control yourself--you have committed some
great errors, and it behooves you to repair them
 You can command your
passion if you will determine to do it
’

“‘Edward,’ said he, ‘you are right
 I have been very indiscreet, and to
some extent inexcusable; I promise to do as you wish
 Let Mr
 Dabbs
proceed
 I’ll hear all he has to say
’

“I then requested Mr
 Dabbs to proceed


“‘I am exceedingly sorry,’ said he, ‘that Mr
 Wallingford should be
disposed to censure me for stating facts, when he must know that the
discovery of these facts did not afford any pleasure to me; I may say I
was pained to find that circumstances were continually pointing to Miss
Bramlett as the guilty one
 I had hoped to find evidence of her
innocence, and such a result would have given me ten-fold more pleasure
than anything we could find against her
 It is clear to my mind that the
poor young lady has been the victim of some heartless villain--or that
she has been laboring under temporary insanity
 Whether or not I am
correct in that opinion it is not my business just now to inquire
 That
is a question for the courts and lawyers to settle when she is put on
trial; my business is to show what has been done, and nothing shall
cause me to shrink from the performance of that duty
 There is a young
man keeping a gambling hell in this city; a young man of handsome face
and fascinating manners, though a shrewd, sly scoundrel, who had
something to do with this business; and I flatter myself that I shall be
able to expose him before I get through with this affair
 I have been
shadowing him--he often gets drunk, and I never failed to manage his
sort
 He talks freely when drinking, and I will pump the secret out of
him before I quit
 I played poker with him the other night; he beat me
out of forty dollars--the rascal
 but I shall let him win, and give him
rope to hang himself with
 I’ll catch up with the villain yet
 His
apartments are furnished like the palace of a king
 Where did the money
come from to pay for it? I dare say he wheedled Miss Bramlett out of it

That unfortunate young girl has been so imprudent as to make frequent
visits to these apartments during the dark hours of night
’

“‘Oh, Heavens
 Eddie,’ exclaimed Harry, as he seized me by the arm,
‘have I got to hear such as this, and say nothing? It’s more than
humanity can bear; it will kill me; for Heaven’s sake let this interview
terminate--else I shall lose my reason
’

“‘Be quiet, I pray you, Harry,’ I said, though I felt the demon rising
in my own breast, and needed all the prudence I could command in order
to keep me from knocking the man down myself


“My attempt to soothe and quiet Harry, however, served to aid me in
keeping cool, and after the lapse of a few moments, I directed Mr
 Dabbs
to proceed


“‘I was about to observe, a moment ago, that Miss Bramlett has been
exceedingly imprudent, if not criminal, in her intrigue with Ben
Bowles
’

“‘With whom did you say?’ groaned Harry


“‘Why, with Ben Bowles, that unprincipled gambler
’

“‘He must be the same fellow you knocked on the head at our camp,’ I
said to Harry


“‘I should not be surprised,’ he replied
 Then turning to Dabbs, I
requested him to give me a description of Bowles


“‘He is very handsome; has dark-brown hair, very black eyes, is about
five and twenty years old, very tall--I should say not less than six
feet--dresses magnificently, drinks to excess, has a deep bass voice,
and a slight scar on his left temple, close to the eyebrow
’

“‘That is the very man
’ said I, as I again requested Mr
 Dabbs to go on
with his history


“‘Well,’ he began, ‘as I was saying just now, I cannot account for the
strange conduct of Miss Bramlett, except upon the theory that she has
become fascinated with that good-looking scoundrel, and was
contemplating a secret marriage with him; at all events, she has been
frequently seen to enter his apartments through a private door that
opens on an alley in the rear of the house
’

“‘I shall go mad
’ said Harry, as his head fell on my shoulder
 I could
hear his heart throb and jump against his breast, as if in great
commotion
 ‘Can this horrible story be true? Can the devil take the
shape of an angel, in order to drag the soul down to hell?’

“‘Hush, hush
 Harry, there is some strange mistake connected with the
affair, and I’ll risk my life on Viola’s honor
’

“‘Thank you, a thousand times, from the very bottom of my heart
 but
where is the cowardly villain who originated this damnable falsehood?
Oh, if I could only get my hand on his accursed throat
’

“‘Let us first find out who is working these secret wires,’ said I, ‘and
then we may be able to contend with the enemy with hopes of success
 If
Miss Bramlett ever has visited that place, she has been inveigled into
it by foul and fraudulent means
 She was continually searching for
worthy objects of charity, and some false, sneaking scoundrel may have
entrapped her into that house
 How easily might she have been induced to
believe that some unfortunate creature was dying in that house for want
of food
 I know that she would have gone there, or anywhere else, to
render assistance where suffering humanity needed help
 No, if this is
the worst that can be said of Viola, you have reason to rejoice; for you
may rest assured she will be able to explain it satisfactorily
’

“‘I believe you, and shall hear all that can be said
’

“‘No, indeed, Mr
 Wallingford,’ said Dabbs, ‘far be it from me to report
anything in this case except the naked truth
 I have no bias for or
against any one, I assure you
 It is the duty of one in my position to
be careful to keep his mind clear of prejudice, and to look only to the
detection of crime; and if Miss Bramlett shall be able to offer a
satisfactory explanation of her conduct in this instance, it will be a
source of gratification to me
 My mind tells me that this man Bowles had
something to do with the death of young Bramlett; and if he had, I shall
not stop until I can prove it
 The fact that Miss Bramlett has
frequently met Bowles under suspicious circumstances has been
ascertained to a certainty; but after all it may, as you have suggested,
be easily explained by her
 A lady of Miss Bramlett’s tender age, having
but little experience in the wicked ways of the world, would be a lamb
in the power of such a wolf as Bowles
 He is frequently out of money;
and when such unprincipled scamps want funds, they would commit murder;
or any other crime to get it
 He is extravagant beyond measure, loves
wine and women, keeps four fast trotters at Burton’s, bets high at the
gaming table, and occasionally dines his friends extravagantly
 Now all
this costs money; and it is my opinion that Miss Bramlett’s money has
largely contributed to that establishment
 You know that she has within
the last twelve months squandered over ten thousand dollars in cash,
besides incurring debts equal to the cash spent
 By her father’s will
she had the right to spend the income of her inheritance--but could not
touch the principal
 She went through with the income, and, from all
accounts, would have speedily wasted the principal, but the trustees
positively refused to allow it
 Her little brother did not draw any of
his income at all; and when he died, his sister, of course, became the
owner of his share, not only of the income, but of the entire estate

People do not commit murder without a motive
 Did Miss Bramlett have a
motive to murder her brother? Of course we answer unhesitatingly, Yes

What motive? what did she gain by the death of her brother? Answer--Ten
thousand dollars ready cash in hand, and two hundred thousand dollars
added to her inheritance
 If that did not constitute a motive, I would
like some one to inform me what would
 Bowles was in great stress for
want of money at that time, as I happen to know
 The wolf may have used
the lamb as his agent to get the funds he wanted
 He wrote a note to
Miss Bramlett in which he implored her to let him have five hundred
dollars
 That note was found in her dress pocket
 It is the document we
mentioned a moment ago, and here it is:

     “‘DEAR V
--Don’t fail me to-night
 Come at eight o’clock
 I will be
     alone
 I am dying to see you
 For Heaven’s sake let me have the
     five hundred dollars, as I am in a tight place just now
 I found
     your note under the seat in the summer house
 I knew where to look
     for it
 Of course I pressed it to my lips before I read it
 When I
     see you we will discuss our plans more fully
 If you can accomplish
     the business with a brave heart we shall yet be happy
 I know that
     you have the courage to do it, if you set your mind on it

     Detection would be impossible if you adopt my plan--though we will
     talk the matter over when I have you in my arms


     “‘Yours and yours only,

     “‘B
 B
’

“‘Catch Mr
 Wallingford there--he has fainted
’ exclaimed Dabbs, as he
sprang forward and attempted to prevent Harry from falling; but he was
too late--for Harry was lying on the floor before Dabbs got to him
 I
was unable to render any assistance, being completely overcome with
horror at hearing the contents of the letter
 Most of my hopes of
Viola’s innocence vanished when the note was read; Mr
 Dabbs lifted
Harry up and laid him on a sofa, while Tadpoddle sprinkled his face with
water and took off his cravat, unbuttoning his collar--then Harry began
to breathe faintly; but such a look of despair as settled on his face I
never beheld there before
 I was unable to offer consolation, for I was
in need of it myself--the blood seemed to be freezing in my veins
 It
was plain that Bowles’ letter referred to the plan which had for its
object the murder of Viola’s brother
 The bare thought that such was the
fact made my heart stand still


“‘Have we all been deceived by this beautiful girl? Is she, after all, a
cruel, calculating murderess, and the mistress of a villain? Could it be
possible that one so beautiful possessed the heart of a murderess? Could
it be that she who looked like the very embodiment of purity was the
horrible thing that I blush to think of? Questions of that nature came
pouring in on my mind; and if I had been compelled to answer, I should
have been forced to admit that the evidence was overwhelming against
Viola
 It was plain to my mind that it would not do to depend on Harry
any longer--he was more like a raving maniac than anything else
 I began
to fear that he would seek a quarrel with Bowles--a thing which above
all others I thought should be avoided, as it would prevent the
detectives from getting at the bottom of the case
 If Harry should
attack Bowles I knew that one or the other would be killed; and how to
prevent it was the question uppermost in my mind just then
 I knew all
about Harry’s ungovernable temper and his lack of fear, and imagined
from his looks that he had resolved on something rash--his face was pale
as death
 I at once divined the thoughts that were passing through his
mind, and was endeavoring to invent some plan to prevent a meeting
between him and Bowles, when he addressed me in a tone so low that it
was not much above a whisper:

“‘Eddie, it is all over with me--I am a ruined man; there is but one
course left for me to pursue--Bowles must answer for the ruin he has
wrought
 Poor girl
 I pity her, and before Heaven I swear to be her
avenger
 She is a helpless orphan, and it is my duty to defend her,
notwithstanding she has forfeited all right to my love
’

“I grew impatient
 I was becoming tired of Harry’s imprudence, and could
not forget the fact that his selfish pride has caused all this trouble


“‘I think,’ said I, endeavoring to keep down my rising temper, ‘that I
heard you say if every man, woman and child in Memphis were to swear
Viola was guilty, you would believe they were mistaken; and now, at the
first intimation of her guilt, without any proof whatever, you are the
very one to condemn her
 Is this the confidence you have in your
affianced bride? Indeed, I congratulate Miss Bramlett in the possession
of such a true lover
’

“‘Stop, Edward,’ he said, as he rose from his seat and began to walk the
floor, ‘I know I have said many foolish things, and committed numerous
blunders in this business, but it can’t mend matters for you to be
throwing it up to me
 I admit that in some instances my conduct was
inexcusable; but I was trying to repair the damage caused by it--it is
too late now
 Nothing that any one could say would have any effect on
me, after what I have heard to-day
 My heart has turned to stone, and I
don’t think it could feel anything at all
 Perhaps it is best that it
should be so
 I have a duty to perform now that will require coolness,
and I feel that I could see blood run from the heart of Viola’s betrayer
without compunction
 I have a double account to settle with him; and it
shall be settled in a manner that will be final
’

“‘If you would listen to the advice of your friends, you never would let
Bowles know that you have obtained a clew to his villainy until you have
secured enough proof to convict him in open court
 It is very clear that
if he is the author of that letter, he has been the prime mover in the
murder of Miss Bramlett’s brother; and it is also very plain that other
letters have been written--for he mentions the place where letters were
deposited and received
 Now, if you make a row you put him on his guard,
and thereby give him a chance to escape; but if you keep quiet and let
Dabbs work on him, I think it would enable us to trap him
 Above all
things let us give Dabbs an opportunity to work up the case, so far as
Bowles is concerned
 A man must learn to control himself before he can
expect to control other people; and when you make up your mind to act
with your friends, and not against them, I am prepared to proceed
further in this business
 If, on the other hand, you mean to seek a
quarrel with Bowles, and destroy all hopes of securing proof of his
guilt, I beg to say that I wash my hands of the whole affair
’

“‘I will promise to wait until Mr
 Dabbs shall have a chance to do what
he can; but, remember, I only promise to postpone his punishment
’

“‘Very well; I accept the promise, and we can discuss his punishment at
another time
 We must see Lottie at once, and prevail on her to tell
what she knows
 I am sure she could furnish us some important
information, if she would
 While I am ready to admit that my confidence
in Viola’s honor has been somewhat shaken, I must be permitted to say
that I have not lost all hopes; hence my anxiety to know the truth has
been increased very much by what I have just heard
’

“‘Have you anything further to communicate?’ said I, addressing Mr

Dabbs; ‘if you have, we beg you to proceed
’

“‘Ah, hem
 yes, Mr
 Demar,’ replied the detective, as he took the last
corner from his plug of tobacco, ‘I have something more to say; and, in
the first place, allow me to mention the fact that I heartily indorse
your idea as to Bowles
 We must by all means keep him in the dark as to
what we have resurrected against him
 He is a sly, shrewd rascal; but
I’ll capture him if you don’t thwart me
 In Mr
 Ragland’s flower garden
there is a large summer-house made of lattice-work, and all covered over
with vines
 It is constructed in an octagonal shape, with wooden
benches, arranged round inside
 This house has been the meeting place of
Miss Bramlett and Bowles
 Miss Jemima Tadpoddle saw them there one night
at a very late hour
 She had called to see Mrs
 Ragland one evening, and
was informed by the house-maid that her mistress had gone out to attend
a meeting of some benevolent society, of which she was an active member;
but the maid told Miss Tadpoddle that Mrs
 Ragland would be in soon, and
while waiting in the drawing-room for Mrs
 Ragland’s return, she saw
Miss Bramlett go into the summer-house
 Soon after Miss Bramlett went
into the place Bowles came in through a secret entrance at the back of
the garden, and went into the summer-house where Miss Bramlett was
watching for him
 After waiting a long time to see Mrs
 Ragland, Miss
Tadpoddle left without seeing her; and when she went away Bowles and
Miss Bramlett were still in the summer-house
 How long they remained
there she of course did not know
 When Miss Tadpoddle gave us this
information we made a thorough examination of the premises, in order to
find the place where Bowles got into the garden
 We searched for some
time without any result, but at last we found his entering place; and I
must give him credit for great skill, for the manner in which he had
managed it
 The garden was inclosed with a common paling fence of pine
timber, painted white, the palings being about four feet high, sharpened
to a point at the top, and nailed to a horizontal railing
 Three of
those palings had been so arranged that they could be taken off and
replaced, so as to leave no signs of having been removed
 The nails that
had originally been driven in to hold the palings in their places had
been drawn out, small wooden pins put in their stead--so that when
anyone wished to enter the garden he had nothing to do but to draw out
the wooden pins, take off the palings and walk in; then replace them,
and no one could see that the palings had ever been interfered with
 I
don’t think we should have made the discovery had it not been for the
signs left on the grass by the feet of the party, who had evidently
entered very often
 We found that the ground near the place had been
hardened by continuous tramping on it; and this led us to examine the
palings very closely; the result was we found what I have just
mentioned
 We made a very extensive search among the blades of tall
grass that grew in the vicinity of the entrance, and we found an article
which we believe to be a set that has fallen from a finger ring
 I
should say that it was of considerable value--as it looks like a genuine
diamond
 This little article may enable us to get our grabbers on Mr

Bowles; because, if it is his, he of course has the ring from which it
has been detached
 One thing is certain--Mr
 Bowles has not only
received Miss Bramlett at his apartments very often, but he has been
meeting her in the summer-house many a time
 I believe this ends what I
had to report to-day
 Permit me to take my leave now, and you shall hear
from us again soon
’”

Queen Mary now expressed a wish that the further hearing of the story
should be postponed, in order that the maskers might have a recess





CHAPTER XVII



Ivanhoe and Scottie were seated in the rear of the pilot house,
discussing and dissecting Ingomar’s story


“What do you think of the story now, sir knight?” inquired Scottie
 “Do
you like it or not?”

“So, so
 Some parts I like, and some I don’t
 There’s too much talk of
murder in it
”

“Do you think from what you have heard of the story that Miss Bramlett
committed the murder?”

“There is no room to doubt it, if we are to judge from the evidence that
has come up against her
 If Ingomar can get her out of the scrape
without flatly contradicting himself, he will be entitled to the premium
as the champion storyteller
”

“I agree with you there; because if I were on a jury and such evidence
was brought before me, I should say guilty beyond the possibility of a
doubt
”

“Well, Scottie, give me your opinion of Lottie
”

“Ah, sir knight
 that’s an overdrawn picture
 Angels have long since
quit visiting the earth
 I don’t think I have heard of any being down in
this world since Jacob had such a scuffle with them
”

“You are wrong there; they have been here frequently since that affair
with Jacob
 But let that pass, and tell me what you think of Lottie
”

“She makes a splendid heroine for a story
”

“That may be true; yet it is so pleasant to hear Ingomar talk about her;
did you know that somehow or other an idea has got into this head of
mine?”

“No, indeed
 is that so?”

“Pshaw
 You didn’t let me finish the sentence
 I was about to remark
that somehow an idea had got into my head that you are just like
Lottie
”

“Oh
 you are badly lost now, for I am a plain, simple girl--just like
other girls, only not so pretty; and then I have an awful temper
 Oh

you ought to hear me when I am angry
”

“I am truly glad to hear you say so, for I like a high-tempered woman

They make things generally stand round so lively--have the servants walk
to a line--keep the floor so clean--set such nice dinners; and then it
is so delightful to have a good, jolly quarrel--get up a great row, shed
a few tears, and then make friends--then kiss
 Oh, that’s the girl for
me
”

“You draw one side of the picture very nicely
”

“You can’t frighten me with such an insinuation; but you only increase
my anxiety to know more about you
 By the by, were you ever in love?”

“Oh, yes
 I was dead in love with a fellow once--he was such a darling

and to tell you the truth, I love him yet
 He had such a black beard,
such black hair, and was so handsome
”

“My hair is black, and so is my beard
”

“I dare say it is
 What if it should turn out that it was you, after
all
 Were you ever in love?”

“Indeed, yes
 I loved a pretty girl with dark-brown hair and large gray
eyes; and would have married her but for a very trivial little
circumstance--she wouldn’t have me
”

“I suppose she didn’t like black hair and a black beard
”

“Well, we didn’t marry, anyway
”

“Suppose, sir knight, you entertain me with a history of your love
scrape?”

“I will, on condition that you will follow suit with your little
episode, when I am through with mine
”

“All right--I’ll do it
”

“Mine is a short story, but very affecting--and, if you have tears,
prepare to shed them now
”

“Well, hold on then till I get out my handkerchief
 Here it is now--go
on
”

“I was in the city of Jackson, Mississippi, once, attending the
Legislature, of which I was a member
”

“Wait a moment till I catch this tear--I think I feel one in my left
eye
”

“What have I said that could have started a tear?”

“That you were a member of the Mississippi Legislature--that was the
reason your girl refused to marry you
”

“Well, perhaps it was; though I have repented of that; and have promised
to go and sin no more in that way; but I am digressing
 While I was in
Jackson, I was invited by some friends, to join them in a picnic dinner
on the beautiful banks of Pearl river
 Many lovely women were with the
party--one in particular; it was a clear case of love at first sight on
my side, and spontaneous indifference on hers
 The dinner was
magnificent
 My girl unloaded a basket
 It made my mouth water to watch
her pretty little white hands lifting out the nice cake, the luscious
jam, the roast turkey, the broiled chicken, the snow-white bread, the
great yellow rolls of butter
 I fell in love with her and the contents
of her basket--and felt like devouring the whole concern then and there

It would have done you good to see the sweet smile she cast on me as she
invited me to take a seat by her side and eat with her
 I made up my
mind to make her an offer of marriage at the first opportunity, and I
was very much mortified to learn that three other fellows had determined
to do likewise
 All three of them had great advantages over me--they
were not members of the Mississippi Legislature, and I was--I had to
carry too much dead weight
 After dinner was over the band began to play
a lively tune, and some one proposed a dance; I made a dash toward my
girl, with the view of asking her to be my partner in the dance
 She
smiled sweetly on me, but danced with another fellow
 I then took the
pouts and refused to dance at all
 While the angry fit was on me I
wandered off down the banks of the river alone--vowing to cripple
somebody before night
 When I had fully made up my mind to do it, the
next question was, How could I accomplish it without getting crippled
myself? I could not for the life of me think of any plan that would
enable me to get rid of my rivals without endangering myself; therefore
I was forced to abandon the enterprise altogether
 But while I was
rambling along the bank of the river meditating dire destruction, a
young gray squirrel ran across my path, and I caught him and carried him
in triumph to the picnic headquarters
 My girl cast on me another one of
her sweet smiles, as she begged me to give her the pretty, darling
little squirrel
 I of course forgot my angry fit, and gave it to her; it
was but a moment after I had given it into her hand when she uttered a
loud scream, and let the little squirrel drop on the ground
 The entire
party took after the squirrel except me and my girl
 I saw the blood
streaming from her hand, where the little animal had bitten her
 I took
off her glove and washed the blood from her hand, then tied it up with
my handkerchief
 I hid her glove in my bosom, where I have worn it ever
since
 Here it is now, with the stain of her dear blood on it
 Why,
Scottie, I declare, you are weeping sure enough
 What on earth is the
matter?--pray what is it
” (She was weeping--the tears running down her
cheeks in a stream
) “Have I said anything to offend you? I did not
intend it, if I did
” (It was some time before Scottie became
composed--and Ivanhoe was very much astonished at her weeping so
) “I
believe I have about finished my narrative
 I really did love that girl
dearly, but her father did not like me
 Now, Scottie, tell me your love
affair
”

“You have knocked the foundation from under my story, for you have told
it yourself--and I must ask you to give me back my glove
 It is mine,
and here is the scar made by the bite of the squirrel
”

“Good Heavens
 Have I the honor to again meet Miss Kate Darlington?”

“If you will leave out the honor part, I will answer, Yes
 And I have
the pleasure to meet Captain Ralleigh Burk, I presume
”

“You have guessed my name, at any rate--but was it true, Scottie (pardon
me please, but I mean to call you Scottie all the time, for I like it),
that you did love me?”

“Oh, you must not ask impertinent questions; you know we were joking
when we commenced it
”

“No, I don’t
 for I never was more in earnest in all my life
 I have
kissed this little glove a thousand times; and the dear image of the
Pearl river girl has been indelibly stamped on my heart
 It has been two
years since I last saw you, and it has seemed an age to me
 I was sure
that you were going to marry that other fellow with the red hair
”

“Oh, no
 I detest red hair--and then I never could marry a man unless I
loved him
 The fact is, it wouldn’t do for me to marry at all, for I
have such a temper
”

“Oh, bother the temper
 I am willing to risk it
 Laying all jokes aside,
I love you devotedly, and won’t you promise to be my wife?”

“If I lose my temper and break your head with the broom handle, you
won’t beat me?”

“No
”

“If I break up the furniture, while in a passion, you’ll go and buy
more?”

“Yes
”

“Very well, I’ll take your case under advisement, and give you an answer
when we get back home, provided you don’t conclude to withdraw the
proposition before it is too late
”

“See here, Scottie, this is a matter of too much importance to me to be
made the subject of a joke; I don’t believe you mean to wound my
feelings, yet I had rather you would not use so much levity about it
 I
loved you at first sight, and meant to ask you then to marry me, but
your father seemed to dislike me so that I was afraid
”

“In the first place, Mr
 Burk----”

“Pshaw
 Scottie, don’t call me Mr
 Burk, but call me Ralleigh
”

“If it pleases you, then be it so
 Well, Ralleigh Burk, in the first
place, I am not joking; and in the second place, you were very much
mistaken when you concluded that my father disliked you
 He had a
supreme contempt for what he called stern-wheel politicians
”

“Oh, yes, I see; and he set me down in his mind as a stern-wheel
politician
”

“I don’t say that, mind you, but he looked upon you as the villagers did
on the old dog Tray, who was found in bad company
 You see how it is,
don’t you?”

“I think I do
”

“Well, now, I think my father would forgive you if you could satisfy him
that you had quit politics and gone into some legitimate business
”

“Do you, indeed? how kind that would be of him
 but suppose I had not
quit politics, and that I had not gone into any legitimate business--in
fact, suppose it should appear that I have not gone into anything except
debt?”

“I think it would prevent your going into our family
”

“Then I suppose he would not object to my going head foremost into the
Mississippi river?”

“Oh, by no means; I think he would rather see you do that than to see
you in the Mississippi Legislature
”

“And may I ask which catastrophe would be most to your liking?”

“The cold water treatment, by long odds
”

“Thank you
 I must say that I admire your candor, but not your
sentiment
”

“Spoken like a man; I glory in your grit
 You’re on my platform, for I
have sworn never to marry a man unless I loved him
”

“Scottie, you are a little darling, and that’s a fact, and I want you to
try to love me if you can; and if you can’t, just tell me so, and I’ll
either go to the bottom of the river or to the Mississippi Legislature,
and never bother you any more
”

“Hold your head down, so I can whisper something in your ear: I don’t
think you will have to drown yourself, or go to the Legislature
”

“No? oh, won’t that be jolly
 You have removed a mountain from my mind

Let us go dance a while, else I’ll do something foolish
”

“You talk as if you hadn’t been doing that all the evening; but you will
excuse me, for I don’t wish to dance
 I like to gaze out on the bright
water and see the moonbeams dancing on it
 I like to feel the soft,
balmy air as it kisses my cheeks
 I like to feel the gentle motion of
the boat, and watch the white waves of steam as they go rolling up from
the pipes
 It is so sweet to sit here and listen to the soft notes of
the music as it comes stealing up from the saloon and mingling with the
dull sound of the puffing pipes
 I love to listen to the regular clatter
of the wheels--they make such pleasant music as they strike the water

The fact is, I am very happy, and could sit here and dream all night,
without going to sleep
 Oh, these wide-awake day dreams; how delightful
they are
 I am in one of those dreamy moods now, and wouldn’t exchange
that feeling for anything on earth
”

“All right, Scottie; I think I’ll join you in a dream or two; but I am
so happy I cannot be still
”

“But you must be still if you remain here
 I have made up my mind to
have a dream, and don’t mean to be disturbed
 There, now, take a seat
and let us watch the moon till she passes that cloud yonder
”

“Scottie, let the moon alone; it is a fickle planet, anyway, and I am
afraid you will learn its bad habits
 If you will do me the honor to
take my arm, we will have a stroll
 We can quarrel as well while walking
as we can while sitting here
”

“I suppose I will have to do it, as there is no getting rid of you
 But
I want you to tell me if you have made any new discoveries in regard to
the black domino?”

“Nothing of any consequence; only it is certain that she is watching
Ingomar in such a way as to convince me that she is shadowing him for
some purpose
 My spy has been very vigilant, but has encountered many
difficulties
 The black domino seems to be suspicious of every one who
approaches her, and positively refuses to be interviewed
 When she
retires to her state-room she always locks the door, and don’t even let
the chamber-maid enter while she is there
 This fact alone is enough to
convince me that she has a secret
 The chamber-maid tells me that she
heard the black domino whispering to the old gentleman with the long
beard this morning
 She was not close enough to hear all that was said,
but she heard the woman say that she was determined to end this
intolerable suspense very soon
 There appeared to be a difference of
opinion between the old man and the black domino, and the chamber-maid
said she thought that they were quarreling--however, as to that she was
not very positive
 What do you think it all means, Scottie?”

“Why do you ask me such a question, when you know I am dying of that
terrible disease so prevalent among our sex, known as curiosity
 What
wouldn’t I give to know who and what she is? It seems to me that if the
chamber-maid were to try she might find out something
”

“It does look so, but nevertheless she has not done it--that is to say,
she has done comparatively nothing; but we have not abandoned the field
yet, by a great deal
”

“Anything further from the Mississippi detectives yet?”

“No--only a confirmation of what we have heard heretofore
 It is certain
that Ingomar is to be arrested as soon as the boat arrives at Vicksburg

I regret to tell you that we shall have to part with him then
”

“I hope he will have time to finish his story before he is arrested
 The
truth of the matter is, I think it is our duty to tell him all we have
heard anyway
”

“No, no; that would not only be aiding a criminal to escape, but it
would be to some extent criminal on our part
 No; let us have nothing
whatever to do with it
 But, Scottie, haven’t you told the queen already
what you know about Ingomar?”

“No, not a word
 I’ll have you to know I am no talebearer
 Didn’t I
promise you I would keep the secret? Of course I did; and then how dare
you ask me such a question?”

“I beg pardon; I ought to be pitched overboard; don’t you think I
ought?”

“Certainly I do, and should go about having it done, but it would make
all the fish quite ill
”

“Perhaps it would; but I have no idea of being pitched into the river
 I
know I shall have pleasant dreams to-night, while the dear image of some
one will float before my mind
”

Ivanhoe then bade Scottie good-night and retired to his state-room,
while his heart swelled with joy
 He had at last found a haven of rest
for his heart, which for two years had been worrying itself about the
beautiful girl from Pearl river





CHAPTER XVIII



Immediately after breakfast next morning, Queen Mary and her party
re-assembled at the usual place, where Ingomar was ordered to resume his
narrative
 All of the maskers were in their places, eager to hear the
balance of the story; and Ingomar, without loss of time, began as
follows:

“As soon as Dabbs and Tadpoddle left the office Harry began to pace the
floor rapidly, with his head hanging on his breast, while I could see
from the working of the muscles of his face that he was making a
desperate effort to get his feelings under control
 After walking the
floor for some time in silence he abruptly confronted me, and fixed his
eyes on me as if to read my thoughts, then said:

“‘She is guilty, and my career is nearly ended
 I cannot survive it, and
to tell you the truth, I do not wish to, for I never shall have
confidence in any woman again
 I shall even lose confidence in Lottie
’

“‘Stop, Harry, I pray you; don’t talk so; you will be sorry for this one
of these days
 Let us not abandon all hopes yet
 It is possible that
this is a mistake, after all
’

“‘No, no; I understand your motive, and appreciate it, but it is useless
to dodge the question; Viola is lost--lost forever
 Oh, God
 have mercy
on this poor girl
 But for the sin of the thing, I would kill myself
now, and be rid of this intolerable suffering
 There is a burning fire
in my bosom, and I can feel its consuming flames devouring my vitals

Oh, how I did love that girl
 how I worshiped her
 So beautiful
 So
enchanting
 How could one so lovely be so wicked? My doom is sealed--the
blow to me is fatal
 I feel it here
 Let it come--the sooner the better

Bowles must die, though
 It is a mystery to me why such men should be
tolerated in a city like this, where they can rob and murder men, and
ruin innocent girls with impunity
 If a poor wretch whose wife and
children are starving steals a side of bacon to keep the dear ones
alive, he is hurried off to the penitentiary in double-quick time; but
the well-dressed thief who steals his thousands, corrupts youth, ruins
young girls, and dines his friends, is permitted to walk the streets as
the lion of the day
 It is not only so in Memphis, but I am told it is
so in many other cities
 How such unscrupulous wretches should be
permitted to ply their avocations of robbery among people who make
pretensions to civilization is a puzzle to me
 But I mean to have a
settlement with Mr
 Bowles
 He is the same fellow who, many years ago,
insulted Lottie at our camp, then committed perjury when I was on trial

I have that little affair scored against him; but that is nothing
compared with the late business
’

“‘Harry, I would advise you not to let Viola know that you think she is
guilty, because if you do she certainly will discard you forever
 I am
sure she never would forgive you the second time
 You have not
forgotten what trouble you had to get her to pardon your first error;
and you had better be very cautious how you act now
 She is as proud and
sensitive as you are, and if you offend her again she never will forgive
you
’

“‘I will, under no circumstances, attempt to conceal my opinions; if she
asks me for the truth, you may be assured she will hear it
 I adhere to
the doctrine that honesty is the best policy
 I never have told a
deliberate falsehood, and never will
’

“‘Would it not be best, then, for you not to see her until we know more
about the case? for she will be certain to find out what you think, and
then, my word for it, she will discard you
’

“‘Do you think I would care if she did? You don’t imagine that I expect
to marry her, do you?’

“‘But suppose you go and tell her you think she is guilty, and then
afterward, when it is too late, you find out that she is innocent--don’t
you see what an awkward predicament you then would be in?’

“‘Eddie, please don’t try to deceive me
 You know she is guilty
 Is not
the proof overwhelming? Didn’t I cling to the idea of her innocence
until the last prop was knocked away? But I am determined to see her and
demand an explanation
 It is but fair to give her a chance
 She shall
know what we have heard, and she then must tell what she knows about
it
’

“‘Harry, you will live to regret this step, and I want you to understand
that you take it contrary to my advice and wishes
 If you would let the
whole matter rest in the hands of the detectives until the evidence
shall be brought out I think it would be better
’

“‘Let the responsibility rest on me
 I must and will see Viola once
more, and then leave her in the hands of Him who knows the secrets of
all hearts
 I will go and see her now; meantime you go and talk to Mr

Rockland, and don’t think about me at all
 I must now steer my own
canoe
 My mind is made up, and no power on earth can change it
’

“He then abruptly left the office and went toward the jail
 I trembled
to see the strange wild look in his eyes as he passed out
 Mischief was
brewing, and I could see it as plain as daylight--but how to prevent it
I knew not
 I remained in my seat for some time, undecided as to the
best course to be pursued
 I knew that I must act promptly, but what or
how to do I could not decide
 After Harry had been gone about thirty
minutes, it occurred to me that I ought to go and talk to Lottie and let
her know the bad news we had heard, and persuade her to keep Harry and
Viola apart until something more definite could be ascertained
 I knew
that if Harry should see Viola while his mind was in its present
condition, something serious would be sure to transpire
 I hastened to
the jail, but was too late to prevent the meeting
 Lottie met me at the
entrance, and I saw from her looks that she had suspected something


“‘Oh, Eddie,’ she said, as she held out both hands for me to shake,
‘what on earth is the matter with Harry? He came here just now, looking
for all the world just like a ghost
 He was as pale as death, and I
thought he was going to fall down and die at my feet
 He staggered from
one side of the hall to the other like a drunken man, told me he wished
to be alone with Viola, and requested me to stay out of the room until
he called me
 His eyes showed a wild, unsettled expression, such as I
have seen mad men have
 What does it mean?’

“‘Lottie, something awful has happened; but I can’t stop to tell you
now
 We must look after Harry--get him away from here as soon as
possible
 Go in; you must persuade him to go home with you
’

“‘Good Heavens
 did you hear that groan? That was Viola--come, quick
’

“I followed her into the room, and at a glance perceived that we had
come too late--the mischief had been done
 That Harry was absolutely
crazy for the time being was as plain as could be
 Viola was leaning
against the bed-post, pale and trembling, while Harry was passing across
the room like an angry tiger in its cage
 Lottie was by Viola’s side in
an instant


“‘What is it?’ she inquired, as she took hold of her arm
 ‘Tell me what
has happened, I beseech you
’

“‘Your gallant brother there I think could tell you better than I
could,’ replied Viola, as she drew herself up to her full height
 She
looked like a queen who had received an insult from one of her subjects

Such a look of scorn as she cast upon Harry as she spoke I never had
seen flash from a woman’s eyes before
 Her cheeks were red with anger,
and her frame seemed to grow taller
 ‘Yes, Lottie, your gallant brother
can enlighten you as to what has happened
’ Then addressing herself to
Harry, she said: ‘Why, Mr
 Wallingford, didn’t you tell your sister how
you sat quietly in your chair and heard those two penitentiary birds say
that I was the mistress of a blackleg gambler, and didn’t kill them? You
saved my life when I was a child, and I thought you were a brave hero

Every story I read where a hero was described I coupled your name with,
and my childish mind pictured you as greater and braver than all of
them
 I loved you for your courage; I thought of you by day--I dreamed
about you at night
 My love grew as I grew, until my poor heart was full
to overflowing
 The followers in Mohammed never had stronger faith in
him than I had in you
 Your image floated before my young mind as my
beau ideal of all that was brave, noble, generous and kind
 I studied by
day and by night, in order to make myself worthy of such a hero
 My love
grew into worship, and if every man, woman and child on earth had told
me you were not a brave, generous hero, I would not have believed it
 I
wore your image next to my heart, and no heathen ever worshiped his idol
with half the devotion that I worshiped you
 My love was my life--it was
my happiness--it was my religion--it was my all
 You told me you loved
me--you took me to your heart and whispered sweet words of love into my
ear--you almost killed me with joy
 Then you cast me off and declared
that you were joking, and that you never could think of marrying me
 I
was crazed with grief; and as soon as I got so I could bear the awful
affliction, you came and renewed the protestations of love
 You offered
excuses for your former conduct
 I believed you
 You swore in the most
solemn language that you always had loved me
 I credited it, and you
asked me to be your wife
 I yielded because I loved--nay, the word love
is too weak a term to be used--I worshiped you--I adored you
 I thought
my love was returned--I thought you were perfection itself
 In view of
all these things, how could you sit and hear my name blackened by a pair
of penitentiary convicts, and not kill them? You heard them say I was
the mistress of a common blackleg gambler, and did not resent it
 Is
this the brave hero whose picture I have worn on my heart for ten long
years? How could I have been so blinded as to worship such an object?
And then, to cap the climax, you come here and ask me to explain why I
was in the habit of visiting the apartments of Mr
 Bowles continually

Leave me and my affairs in the hands of God--to Him I will render an
account of my conduct in this business, but to you never
 I have no
fears as to my fate
 Death to me now would be welcome--why should I wish
to live where no one will befriend me? Let them hang me high as
Haman--let my name be bandied about the streets as the vilest of the
vile
 Why should I care, since the only one I loved or cared for thinks
me guilty? Let them hang me first and then throw my body in a felon’s
grave
 God, who knows the secrets of all hearts, will take care of my
soul
 You may go now, Mr
 Wallingford; I have no more to say, only to
demand that you desist from any further interference in my affairs
 Make
out an account of all expenses you have incurred and present them to my
guardian, and I will see that they are paid
 You may go, now, as I wish
to be left alone
’

“If Harry heard what she had been saying, he paid but little attention
to it; but when she ceased, instead of leaving the room as she had
ordered him to do, he stood like a statue, gazing vacantly before him


“‘Mr
 Wallingford, again I tell you I wish to be left alone
’ As she
spoke she pointed toward the door, and her manner was such as to
convince me that it would be better for Harry to leave
 Acting upon that
conclusion, I led him from the room, and went with him to his office
 He
spoke not, nor did he make any objections to being taken away--in fact,
I didn’t think he exactly comprehended what had been said, though he
afterward spoke of it as if it were a painful dream
 I had often seen
him under the influence of excitement, but I had never beheld him in
such a state as he was then, and I was afraid to leave him alone, for I
imagined that he would seek Bowles immediately
 Mr
 Rockland came into
the office soon after we arrived, and I sought a private interview with
him, and in as few words as possible informed him what had happened, and
requested him to try to get Harry home as soon as he could
 Mr
 Rockland
was deeply moved when he began to realize the situation
 He loved Harry
devotedly, and was as much alarmed at his condition as I was; he at once
requested him to accompany him home
 Harry followed Mr
 Rockland without
objection, and I went back to the jail at once to see Lottie
 I wanted
to have a talk with her about the new turn matters were taking, for I
had more confidence in her cool judgment than all the rest
 She was the
only one of us who could look at both sides of a case with an impartial
eye
 The fact is, she had more sound, practical judgment than Harry and
I put together
 Nothing could throw her temper off its guard, and I knew
that I must look to her for help, because Harry was no longer to be
depended on
 As soon as I entered the gate in front of the jail, Lottie
came out of Viola’s room and beckoned me to her side


“‘Don’t go in there--I wish to have a private chat with you
 Viola is
asleep now; I had to send for Doctor Dodson soon after you and Harry
left
 The doctor was obliged to give her an opiate before he could get
her to sleep
 He fears there is danger of brain fever, but thinks it may
be avoided by proper treatment
 Why did you let Harry come here to-day
when you knew what a condition his mind was in?’

“‘I did my very best to keep him away, but he wouldn’t listen to me
 I
think he is mad
 I told him above all things not to tell Viola what he
had heard
’

“‘But what is it you have heard? You must remember that I am totally
ignorant as to the cause of all this trouble
’

“I then gave her a full statement of the facts as detailed to us by
Dabbs and Tadpoddle
 I saw a strange light flash from her beautiful
eyes, and her cheeks flushed instantly with a rush of red blood to them

Her pretty little mouth was at once drawn down at both corners


“‘And you and brother Harry swallowed this magnificent story as a child
of five years would the hobgoblin story told by its nurse--that is, you
believed it, of course
’

“‘Lottie, how could we help believing it, when the proof was so plain?
What was Viola doing with Bowles’ letter in her dress pocket? What was
she visiting his apartments at the dark hours of night for? Were they
not planning schemes of murder? Does not the letter prove this beyond
all question? What is the use of clinging to an idea that has no
foundation to rest on? If I owned all the money in the world I would
give it to know Viola was not guilty
’

“‘Eddie, I love you too much--I wish I didn’t, for I had made up my mind
to give you a real good scolding; but how can I have the heart to abuse
my old booby when I love him so? But let me tell you one thing now, and
be very sure you don’t forget it--if ever you hint or insinuate in my
presence again that you think Viola Bramlett is anything but a pure,
honest, virtuous, persecuted orphan girl, I’ll make such a rattling
storm in your ears as you never have heard in all the days of your
life
’

“‘If I were to see her murder a brigade, I’d never say so before you
’

“‘Very good; you had better try to remember that, for I tell you, Mr

Booby, I know her to be innocent; and that is not all, by a long jump--I
know exactly who is guilty
 You and Harry imagine yourselves to be
exceedingly clever
 You bring penitentiary birds from Philadelphia, and
pay them large rewards to blacken the name of a pure, honest girl
 I
declare, you ought to congratulate yourselves on the success of your
enterprise
’

“‘Lottie, for Heaven’s sake, if you know who committed that cruel
murder, why do you let Viola remain in jail? Why don’t you expose the
guilty one, and let the innocent one go free?’

“‘I shall do that at the proper time
 I have got a net set, and the
guilty one is partially entangled in it now; but the time has not yet
come to make the final drag
 You and Harry have been on the wrong trail
all the time, and so have your clever detectives
’

“‘Why don’t you tell Harry and me all about the case, so we can help
you?’

“‘I mean to make you help me without telling you anything, because I
think it is best to keep my secrets from you; and as to brother Harry,
he never had the starch taken out of him until to-day
 His ungovernable
pride has caused all this trouble, but I think he will not ride such a
tall horse any more
 He is a dear, noble-hearted brother, but he never
has put the curb on his temper--in fact, he never has tried to control
his passions; and you know as well as I do that no one can be happy who
can’t manage his passions
’

“‘Lottie, where did you manage to pick up such a store of good sense; it
sounds like inspiration
 I know it can’t be my love for you that makes
me think like that--it is simply because it is so
’

“‘Not at all; I am nothing but a simple girl, but I have always tried to
command my mind, and through it control my bad passions, and, to some
extent, have succeeded; that’s all there is of it
’

“‘Will you tell me whether Bowles committed the murder or not?’

“‘He did not, though he is as guilty as the one who did, and I will have
the proof on him when the trial comes off
 I want the grand jury to find
a bill against Viola, because her name has been stained with the charge,
and these slanderous reports have been whispered about the streets
against her; and she shall be vindicated in open court, and I assure you
her fair name will shine so brightly that no spot will be left on it

The more I know of her the better I love her, and I know her to be as
pure as the falling snow
 She concurs in my views as regards a public
trial, and will not shrink when the time comes
 She is a greater heroine
than any one would suppose who is not acquainted with her private
character
’

“‘Who is assisting you to look up the evidence in the case?’

“‘That’s one of my secrets which I don’t mean to tell you just now; but
it is one who can beat your Philadelphia detective very badly
’

“‘Why not tell Harry that you know Viola to be innocent? Don’t you know
the idea that she is guilty is killing him? I am afraid that he will
seek a quarrel with Bowles, and either kill him or get killed himself
’

“‘I did tell him that I knew she was not guilty; and I told you the same
thing, yet both of you were ready to credit the first thing you heard
against her
 I would have revealed everything to him, but I could not
depend on his judgment when he is so flustered
 I was afraid he would
act too hastily, and thereby overthrow the plans we had set on foot to
entrap the guilty parties
 I yet fear that he will commit some rash act
which will frighten the real murderers, and prevent us from securing the
proof necessary to convict
 Our uncle has written him to come to
California, and I think we had better get him to go at once
 Uncle
Stanley’s health has failed, and he wants Harry to go there to help him
wind up his business, so he can come here to live
 He urges Harry to
come without delay, and the best thing we can do is to persuade him to
go at once
 He could get back in six months, and by that time Viola’s
innocence will be established, and then we will all be happy once more

You had better see Mr
 Rockland on the subject, and ask him to aid you
in persuading Harry to go at once
 In the first place, it is his duty to
go and help our uncle while he is unable to look after his own business;
and in the next place, it will furnish brother something to employ his
mind and keep it from the subject that is destroying his happiness
 If
he stays here he will be sure to do something rash; therefore you must
not lose a moment until you get him started
’

“‘Do you think Viola ever will forgive Harry?’

“‘What a dear old Booby you are
 Did you ever hear of a woman’s
forsaking a man, when she once loved him truly? It shows how little you
know about a woman’s heart
 I suppose men judge women by their own
hearts; but let me tell you that the heart of a woman is no more like
that of a man than day is like night
 Man’s heart is as fickle and
unreliable as the moon, and will change as often; but once let a woman
give her heart away to a man, and he has it always
 He may drag her down
to the lowest precincts of misery and degradation, and she will cling to
and love him still
 He may beat her--he may starve her--he may disgrace
her; but she will never cease to love him
 She will go with him to a
loathsome dungeon--she will follow him to the gallows; and when his neck
is broken by the law, for crimes committed, she will weep over his dead
body, and bury her broken heart in a felon’s grave with the unworthy
man she loves
 How is it with a man? Let the slightest breath of
suspicion blow upon the woman he loves, and he forsakes her at once
’

“‘Lottie, do you think that anything ever could happen that would make
me forsake you?’

“‘Yes; a hundred things could happen that would make you hate me, though
I think you are the best sample of the lot; and if you should beat and
starve me, I should be fool enough to go on loving you just the same
’

“‘Lottie, darling, if ever I do anything intentionally to cause you
pain, I shall expect Satan to get my unworthy soul and roast it in his
hottest blazes
 But candidly tell me, Lottie dear, do you really think
Viola ever will become reconciled with Harry? You know she is as proud
as he is, and I never saw her in such a rage as she was to-day
’

“‘That’s all you know about it
 Why, sir, in five minutes after Harry
left her she broke completely down--fell on the bed and wept like a
child; if he had come back then, he might have taken her in his arms
with impunity
 She would have nestled her head on his bosom and begged
him to forgive her, instead of expecting him to beg her pardon
 The
truth of it is she is crazy about him, and would die if he were to
abandon her
 She is too good for this wicked world, anyway
’

“‘I must say that they are both very different from other people; they
puzzle and perplex me
 Sometimes they are as gentle and submissive as
young lambs; then again they remind me of a tornado, sweeping everything
to destruction as it goes
 Sometimes they resemble the smooth, calm
bosom of a lake; then they appear again like the boisterous billows of
the ocean when lashed into fury by the storm
’

“‘True enough, Eddie, but it is because they love each other so much
 If
they did not love so strongly they would be less boisterous
’

“‘Why is it that you and I are getting along so smoothly and nicely?’

“‘That is owing to the fact that no trouble has come across our path

But suppose I were in jail, charged with murder, and you were to tell
me to my face that you thought me guilty--don’t you think you would
start a pretty extensive whirlwind?’

“‘If I were to do such a cowardly thing it ought to be a first-class
tornado--one that would blow my worthless carcass out of the world
’

“‘Don’t make so many rash remarks; you know it is generally understood
that the course of true love never runs smooth
 We may have stormy
weather yet before the voyage is ended; happiness like ours is too great
to last, I’m afraid
 But enough of this now--you must go to Harry and
remain with him until you get him off to California; then come back to
me--I wish to send you on a short journey on business of vast moment
’

“‘Tell me where it is you wish me to go, and what you want me to go for,
so that I can have something to think about
 It is so pleasant to be
thinking of some way to serve you
’

“‘As soon as we can get Harry started, I shall send you to Vicksburg,
Mississippi, on business connected with Viola’s case
 You see, as I have
already informed you, I am playing lawyer and detective both
 There is
certain evidence at Vicksburg that is essential in this affair, and you
must go there to secure it
 I think I may safely trust you thus far
’

“‘You may trust me implicitly in everything, Lottie, darling, and I’ll
prove worthy of the trust
 But have you any objections to telling me now
the nature of the evidence you expect me to secure?’

“‘There is a certain woman in this city who formerly resided at or near
Vicksburg, whose antecedents I wish to know something about
’

“‘Then you think it was a woman who poisoned young Bramlett?’

“‘What are you talking about? I said nothing of the sort
 You must obey
orders and not be so inquisitive--a good soldier, you know, always obeys
orders without inquiring the reason of their issuance
’

“‘Very good
 You issue orders and leave the rest to me, and I’ll bring
up my part of the job all right
 But what is the name of the person
whose history you want?’

“‘She has so many names that you will find the greatest difficulty
arises from that fact, though you must find out her real name, at all
hazards
 In order to do this, you must discover who are her parents; and
it may be necessary to go to other places besides Vicksburg before you
accomplish that
 She came from Vicksburg to Memphis--how long she had
been residing there I do not know, but suppose you are detective enough
to find out who she is and where she was born and raised
 But you must
mind and not let any one know your business, because everything must be
worked secretly
 This woman claims to be a native of Mississippi, and
was known by the name of Helen Herndon when she came to this city--that
is, she was traveling under that name while coming here, but she dropped
it and took another when she arrived here
 Now, you will probably find
that Helen Herndon is not her real name, but it is very likely that she
has resided in Vicksburg under that name
 This will aid you to determine
who she really is
 The main point to be gained is to find her parents
and get the full history of her childhood
 I suppose her age now is not
over thirty, and she has been here five years
 She must have covered up
her tracks well, else you will be able to trace her back to her parents

You must not let any one know where you are going, nor what your
business is
 You must find out where she was educated (and, by the by,
she has been well educated), and learn everything you can about her
school-girl history
 I must have some of her manuscript, and this, of
course, you can get, if you can find her parents
 You must put on your
studying-cap, and try to be wise
’

“‘I’ll try, of course, but do you think I can succeed?’

“‘Doubtful
’

“‘Ha, ha, dearest, you have the right to make sport of me as much as you
please, and I rather think I like it
’

“I built several magnificent castles as I passed along the street from
the jail to Mr
 Rockland’s house
 I can’t say that I absolutely
completed any one of those splendid buildings, because my mind would
become confused when I was about to put on the cornice, or the dome, or
hoist the columns, and I would find that something was lacking to make
the exact finish
 A crack in the wall would appear, or a defect in the
foundation, a column would tipple down, the dome would lean over to one
side, turrets were too flat, the windows too short--something was sure
to happen to prevent me from making an absolute finish of my great work

When I went to Mr
 Rockland, I found him in his library, busy, as usual,
with great heaps of papers before him, which he was examining, one by
one
 I made known to him the object of my visit, told him Lottie’s
views, and requested his advice and assistance to get Harry off to
California as soon as possible


“‘That is another proof of Lottie’s good sense, Mr
 Demar
 The fact is,
sir, that girl is a mystery, anyway
 I can’t understand where she
managed to gather up so much good, sound, practical common sense
 It is
true she reads a great deal, and has always been very industrious; but,
sir, I believe she is the most talented woman I ever knew
 Why, sir,
would you believe it, she has made out many a brief for me, hunted up
the law applicable to the case, and arranged everything as well as I
could do it myself
 For instance, look at that brief there, will you?
She did that, and she did it as quickly as any lawyer could have done
it
 She copies all my papers, keeps my books and clerks for me
generally
 Demar, I don’t like to let you have her, at all, and if I
thought you would take her away from me, I should be tempted to break
off the match
’

“‘It pleases me beyond measure to hear you praise Lottie so, for she
deserves it; but I shall never part her from you, if you prefer that we
should stay here
 I know that she could not be happy if she thought you
were miserable
’

“‘I am very much obliged to you, Demar, for making that promise, because
I don’t see how we could bear to part with our darling
 I know I shall
miss her valuable services as my amanuensis
’

“‘It is not my intention, Mr
 Rockland, to deprive you of her services,
so long as it may be agreeable to her to aid you
 My aim will be to make
her happy, and I dare say she would prefer to continue to help you
 I
think that this is the place where she managed to gather so much useful
knowledge of the law, as well as a great store of general information

She has been with you so much, and heard you expound the law to others
so often, that she has got her mind well stored with its mysteries
’

“‘Probably that is true to some extent, but she possesses an
extraordinary mind
 Mr
 Demar, you have been quite lucky to win the
heart of such a woman, indeed you have, sir
 You have achieved a great
victory
 She is a valuable prize, I assure you
’

“‘I am sensible of the fact, sir, and shall endeavor to make her life a
happy one
 I feel thankful to Providence for bestowing such a blessing
on me, humble and unworthy as I am; but if a life of devotion to her can
make her happy, she shall certainly be so
’

“‘Enough of this, Mr
 Demar; I could talk about Lottie all day, but we
must not neglect other business
 You were about to mention some newly
discovered evidence that had been brought to light in Miss Bramlett’s
case
 I shall be glad to hear anything in her favor
’

“‘I am very sorry to be compelled to say that this newly found evidence
is anything but favorable to her--to the contrary, if it is true, it
establishes her guilt beyond doubt
’

“‘Poor girl, I am distressed to hear it
 but let me know all at once
’

“I then proceeded to tell him everything that had been related to Harry
and me by Dabbs and Tadpoddle


“‘That proof will convict her beyond question, unless it can be
overthrown by other proof, and it would have to be unquestionable
evidence to do that
 We shall be driven to the plea of insanity--this is
the _dernier ressort_, and is rather a shaky foundation to build hopes
upon
 It is most unfortunate that Harry should have fallen in love with
Miss Bramlett; poor fellow, it is a heavy blow to him, and I agree with
you as to the propriety of getting him off to California as soon as
possible
 It is truly his duty to go to his uncle without delay, and I
shall mention the subject to him as soon as his mind gets composed
 He
is in an unsettled condition just now
’

“‘Do you think he will go, Mr
 Rockland?’

“‘Oh, yes, he will do anything I request him to
 He has been a kind,
obedient son to me, and my wishes have always been law with him
 Ah, me

I love the dear boy, and it is causing me great pain to see him
suffering so
 He seems to be perfectly reckless since Miss Bramlett’s
troubles began--neglects his duties, stares wildly at space for hours at
a time in silence, eats scarcely anything and is as pale as a ghost
 His
mother is in despair about it, and a general gloom pervades the
premises
 Something must be done, and that without delay
 He shall start
to California next Monday
 That will rouse him and take his mind off of
this painful subject
’

“Having finished my business with Mr
 Rockland, I went back to the jail
to report progress to Lottie





CHAPTER XIX



“Monday had come and gone, and Harry was on his way to California
 Viola
was quite ill, Lottie in distress, and my mind by no means free of
trouble


“‘Here we come, Eddie, my boy,’ said Doctor Dodson, as he came bustling
into the drug-store one morning soon after breakfast
 ‘Ah, ha
 my boy,
things are all wrong, all wrong, sir
 That’s always the case; one thing
goes wrong, everything must follow suit, you know--ah, ha
 don’t you see
how it is, my boy? Miss Bramlett, poor thing, very ill--threatened with
brain fever--killing herself with grief about Wallingford--Lottie
wearing herself out with continual watching--breaking her heart about
other people’s troubles--don’t sleep enough--eats not enough to support
life in a snow-bird
 Ah, ha
 my boy, don’t you see how it is? Then, to
cap the climax of errors, here’s Dabbs and Tadpoddle nosing round and
stirring up slander, and those two hateful old maids are retailing it
out where they think it will do the most harm
 Ah, ha
 my boy, do you
know those two detestable old hags? No, of course you don’t; I allude to
Miss Jemima Tadpoddle and Jerusha Clattermouth
 Ah, ha
 Eddie, my boy,
old Nick ought to have them both
 Clatter, clatter go their tongues all
day, slandering everybody and everything
 They both have been to the
jail, pretending to feel an interest in Miss Bramlett, and they have
well-nigh killed the poor girl with their infernal tongues
 Ah, ha

Eddie, my boy, don’t you see how it is? I wish their tongues were cut
out and nailed on the jail door, as a warning to meddlesome
gossips--that’s what I wish
 Ah, ha
 Eddie, my boy, Miss Tadpoddle is
ill
 Thank Heaven
 I hope the town will have a little breathing spell
while she is sick
 The hateful hag has sent for me to visit her
professionally
 Ah, ha
 my boy, I mean to send you in my place
 She is
the very sort for a young quack to practice on
 No harm done if he kills
her, don’t you see? Get yourself ready to go, my boy--give her something
to silence her tongue, if you can
 You’ll find a charming patient, my
boy
 Clattermouth is sure to be there--they are always together--birds
of a feather--you know how it is yourself
 Ah, ha
 Eddie, my boy, be off
now--stuff her full of medicine--pour in the calomel till you salivate
her--that’s as nigh salvation as she will ever get
 Go, my boy; cram her
with emetics, then shovel in your purgatives
 Don’t kill her, but
prostrate her--stop her devilish tongue
 Ah, ha
 my boy, don’t you see?
Go, go
’

“Of course I went, and when I entered Mr
 Tadpoddle’s house I was
immediately ushered into Miss Jemima’s room
 I stood in the door a
moment, while my eyes were busy taking a survey of the room and its
contents
 Miss Jemima Tadpoddle was propped up in bed with a dozen
pillows, while Miss Jerusha Clattermouth was bathing her temples with
eau-de-Cologne, and the sick woman’s mother was holding a smelling
bottle to her nose
 It is my deliberate opinion that if Shakespeare had
seen those three women before he wrote ‘Macbeth,’ he would have made a
better job of it, especially in the witch department


“A feeling of disgust crept through me as I approached the bed where she
was, and it cost me an effort to conceal my feelings
 Her neck was not
quite so long as that of a sandhill crane, but I can honestly say it was
the longest neck I ever saw under a woman’s head, and it appeared to be
entirely constructed of little round cords
 Her skin was as white as
snow, and if she had any veins in her body, they were not visible to the
naked eye


“Miss Clattermouth was by no means like Miss Tadpoddle--in fact, I never
saw two people less alike than they were
 Miss Clattermouth was a
little, dark-skinned woman, with a pug nose, a very small mouth, no
teeth, either natural or artificial, and the thin lips appeared to be at
a loss to know what to do with themselves
 The mouth was entirely too
small for the lips, hence they were forced to double themselves up, or
rather to roll into little folds, so as to have more room


“As soon as I was able to get in a word, I inquired of Miss Tadpoddle
the nature of her complaint


“‘Oh, doctor
 I am so glad you came to see me
 I declare, I thought I
should die before you got here
 You don’t know how delighted I am to see
you
 I never exaggerate
 I despise exaggeration--it is my character to
despise it
 I never flatter--it is my character to hate flattery
 You
may rely on anything I say, doctor, for I never use extravagant
language--it is my character not to use it
 I feel so much better since
you came--your cheerful smile has almost cured me
 I’m sure I soon shall
get well
 The pleasure it gives me to look at your happy face is much
better than medicine
 Sit down near me, where I can see you plainly

Feel my pulse
 It is much more regular than when you came
 I have heard
so much about you, Doctor Demar
 They told me you were handsome, though
they didn’t do you justice; but I never flatter--it is my character not
to flatter--yet I never saw such expressive eyes as yours
 My brother
told me about them
 But never mind me; you know a woman must talk
 Oh

you look so strong and healthy; how I envy you
 You are so tall and
handsome
 Pardon my enthusiasm, I beg you, but I mean what I say
 You
wish to know what is the matter with me? Yes, of course you do
 Well, I
mean to tell you
 Oh
 I have suffered ten thousand deaths since
yesterday
 Such torture no poor mortal ever suffered before
 How I
survived it is a mystery--but I must try to describe my sufferings
 I
never expected to see another day
 I had a horrible pain in the back of
my head; both temples ached and throbbed all day and all night
 My back
felt as if it was broken in the middle--my teeth were all aching at
once; a kind of smothering about my heart, with darting pains
continually going like a knife through my breast
 My stomach seemed to
be on fire, while my extremities were freezing
 My throat was perfectly
raw, and the skin has all peeled off my tongue
 Every bone in my body
seemed mashed into powder
 My eyeballs felt as if they were going to
jump out of my head
 I had the ear-ache in both ears; a most horrid
retching about the stomach
 I had neuralgia in my left jaw, and a
burning sensation in my nostrils, and to tell you the truth, I was quite
unlike myself
 Do, pray, give me something to relieve me
 I’ll die, I
know I will, if you don’t hurry
’

“That interesting female then fell back on the mountain of pillows,
closed her eyes and heaved a deep sigh, like one who was about to bid
the world a final farewell
 I want it to be distinctly understood that I
did not intend to commit murder, but I had the necessary malice in me

Miss Tadpoddle had maligned Miss Bramlett, and she had slandered
everybody else in Memphis
 She had offended Lottie by her malicious
reports concerning Viola
 I was angry because Lottie was displeased, and
here is the soliloquy that I had with myself on that occasion, as nigh
as I can remember it:

“‘Very well, my charming Miss Tadpoddle; I have got you in my power now,
and I guess I’ll get even with you before I quit you
 You want medicine,
do you? Very good--you shall have it with a vengeance; I’ll keep your
tongue silent for a week or two, if there is any virtue in blisters

I’ll physic you until you are satisfied
’

“This was the first patient I ever had, and I meant to test the
qualities of my drugs
 I had brought my case of medicines with me, and
was prepared, not only to prescribe, but to administer the drugs
 I
covered her up with blisters; I gave her an emetic; I put red-hot bricks
to her feet; I cupped her temples--the fact is, I made a prescription
for each separate pain of which she complained; and with the aid of Miss
Clattermouth, I managed to have it all administered
 Then I sat down and
waited for the result


“‘Old lady,’ I observed to myself mentally, ‘I guess you’ll remain quiet
for a few days, now
 You won’t trouble Miss Bramlett soon, at all
events
 Your tongue won’t wag quite so glibly as it has been in the
habit of doing
 You’ll wake up directly, if I am not mistaken
’

“Well, sure enough, she did wake up, and it was no halfway business,
either--it was what you call a wide-awake sensation
 The mustard began
to heat her up, the emetic commenced business, the hot bricks got up
steam--in fact, the skirmish commenced all along the line; but when the
pill brigade made the charge, the engagement became general--the contest
was hot and loud, and the drugs won the victory, and Miss Tadpoddle was
saved--so completely cured that she never has been very ill since
 My
reputation as a first-class physician was then permanently established,
because Miss Tadpoddle’s tongue was a better advertising medium than the
New York Herald
 She was president of the Tramp Reform Association; then
she was a working member of many other benevolent associations
 She made
it her daily business to speak of my vigorous style of practice
 I was
certainly well prepared to treat any disease, because the experiments I
had made on Miss Tadpoddle had enabled me to test the qualities of all
the drugs known to the profession


“It was somewhere about ten days after my treatment of Miss Tadpoddle’s
case when she again sent for me
 I found her in bed--and when I say in
bed, I mean it
 She was not propped up with pillows, as she was when I
first visited her, but she was flat on the bed
 The truth is, I had so
completely taken the starch out of her that she couldn’t sit up


“‘How do you feel this morning, Miss Tadpoddle?’ I inquired, pretending
to be interested about her case


“‘Oh, I am so weak, doctor; but for that, I would be very well
 I did
not send for you with a view of taking more medicine--no, no, indeed
 I
don’t think I ever shall need any more as long as I live
 I merely
wished to speak with you about Miss Bramlett’s case
 I presume that my
brother has told you of the valuable assistance I have rendered him?
Very well; I have something more to say to you on that subject
 I fear
you will find that Miss Bramlett is a very bad woman
 I confess I never
had much faith in her at first
 She was too proud, too cold-hearted--made
too much display with her money
 She was parading the streets
continually, pretending to be assisting the poor, but evidently trying
to create a sensation
 One day I met her at the Widow Spratt’s house,
and would you believe it, sir, she was dressed within an inch of her
life
 She had on a blue silk dress, with real lace trimmings--and, by
the by, that was the identical dress she wore that night when I saw her
go into Ben Bowles’ apartments, through the private entrance that opens
from the alley
 But I am going too fast
--I was telling you about
meeting Miss Bramlett at Widow Spratt’s
 Well, sir, she was sitting on a
low truckle-bed, feeding the baby with condensed milk
 It was the
dirtiest, sickliest-looking thing I ever laid eyes on; and the other
five children were cramming themselves with cold bread and turkey that
Miss Bramlett had given them; and they were covered with dirty rags,
just like the baby
 Mrs
 Spratt is the poorest manager I ever saw
 Her
children are half naked and starved
 I was really vexed at Miss Bramlett
for throwing away her money on such worthless people
 Old Spratt was
always drunk, and wouldn’t work
 He fell overboard from a steam-boat and
was drowned; it was a great pity he didn’t die ten years ago
 His
children are lazy, good-for-nothing brats, and ought to starve
 Miss
Bramlett has been supporting the whole family since old Spratt died

Mrs
 Spratt, she lies in bed the live-long day, pretending to be sick,
but it is pure laziness; and if Miss Bramlett would let her alone, she
would have to get up and work, or starve
 Well, there are many other
families in this city depending on Miss Bramlett’s money for support

It’s a scandal and a shame that such laziness should be encouraged
 Let
‘em work, or starve, is my motto
 I asked Mrs
 Spratt to subscribe
something to our Tramp Reform Association, and she wouldn’t give a cent

I begged Miss Bramlett to help us, and she turned up her nose and
absolutely sneered in my face--a hateful hussy
 but I ought not to talk
so, because I never bear malice against my neighbors; it is my character
not to nurse ill-will--“Forgive those who trespass against us,” is my
motto--this is what our Saviour taught us
 There is Lottie Wallingford,
who thinks the world and all of Miss Bramlett
 I wonder how she will
feel when she sees her friend hung for murder? Her brother was engaged
to be married to Miss Bramlett when the murder was committed; but they
say he has run away to California and left his affianced bride here to
be hung, while he goes to get his uncle’s great fortune
 Of course that
will make honors easy--he loses his sweetheart, but wins a fortune
 That
ought to console him, at any rate
 They say you are taking on about
Lottie Wallingford
 Doctor, she would no doubt make you a good wife, if
she wasn’t so much like old Rockland--always talking about books and
book-learning
 She knows too much; I don’t like so much genius
 I like
business
 It is my character to despise poetry
 I hate these dreamy,
sentimental women who can memorize a whole book and then repeat it in
public
 I hate these silly women who sing nothing but sentimental songs

They are always talking about sweet flowers, sweet poetry, sweet birds,
sweet scenery, sweet music--everything is sweet with them
 I hate sweet
things; it is my character to hate sweet things
 She and Miss Bramlett
have converted the jail into a picture gallery, concert hall and book
library
 For my part, I don’t see how the jailer puts up with such
doings
 The idea that a murderess in jail, awaiting her trial, should be
painting pictures, reading poetry and playing the guitar surpasses my
comprehension
 She had better be reading her Bible or prayer-book, and
making preparations to meet her God, for she is certain to be hung
 I
know enough myself to hang her, and I mean to tell it
 I saw her with my
own eyes when she went into the apartments of that gambler, at the dark
hour of night
 You see I had my suspicions about her, anyway, and when I
saw her meet Bowles in the garden that night I concluded that some
deviltry was going on, and determined to watch her
 I have the advantage
you see, doctor, over other women--it is no trouble for me to disguise
myself
 I am very tall, you perceive, and my brother’s clothes fit me to
a T
 I made it my business to waylay Mr
 Ragland’s premises every night
until I succeeded in accomplishing my object
 One night about eight
o’clock I saw Miss Bramlett go out of the house by the back way and walk
cautiously toward the rear side of the garden
 I was concealed among the
shrubbery, and saw her coming directly toward the spot where I was
 She,
however, turned to the left, passing within ten paces of me
 She
appeared to be looking for some one, for she stopped near me and waited
for several minutes; then she turned square off to the right and entered
the summer-house by the back door
 I think she stayed in the
summer-house about ten minutes; at any rate, she remained in it until I
began to grow restless, and was thinking of trying to slip around to
the front door, so as to enable me to see whether or not she was alone

I noticed that she had her face covered with a veil, but I knew her by
the dress and shawl she wore--the same she had on the time I met her at
the Widow Spratt’s
 When she came out of the summer-house, she went in
the direction of the carriage-house, which you know is east of the
former, and about forty yards from it
 She passed on without halting,
until she reached the extreme back part of the garden
 She paused and
looked around in every direction, as if trying to ascertain whether or
not any one was watching her
 But she did not see me; I was too sharp to
be caught that way
 I am not one of those sap-heads that you have heard
so much about
 In fact, I hate sap-headed women--it is my character to
hate ’em; and as to sap-headed men, they ought not to be permitted to
live
 But here I am again straggling off from the subject
 I beg you to
excuse me, doctor; you know I am quite weak yet--indeed I am
 It is
astonishing to me that I am able to utter a word
 Your medicine cured my
complaints, it is true, but left me completely prostrated
 I don’t think
I ever shall need any more drugs
 But I declare, I must quit wandering
off that way
 I wouldn’t do it, I know, but I am afraid the strong
medicine has, to some extent, weakened my mind
 Everything seems like a
dream
 Do you ever dream, doctor? No? Ah, then, you don’t appreciate
them
 Where one’s dreams are pleasant, one enjoys the sensation very
much; but when the stomach’s out of order, one is sure to have
unpleasant dreams
 Oh
 I had such a nice dream last night
 I thought
that I was--but what do you care about my dreams? I suppose you want me
to finish my narrative about Miss Bramlett’s movements
’

“‘Miss Tadpoddle,’ said I, ‘you must, by all means, take another dose of
medicine; the color of your skin is not as good as it should be, and I
don’t like the looks of your tongue
’

“If I could have induced her to take another dose of my drugs then, she
would have remembered it to her dying day


“‘No, no, doctor, please hush talking about your hateful drugs and let
me go on with my story
 It makes one feel so nervous to have to wait
and wait for anything which ought to be told without stopping
 There is
Miss Clattermouth--oh, it would do you good to hear her relate a story

She can talk all day and never make a hobble
 You ought to hear her
deliver one of her lectures on the rights of women
 She is our champion
on that question, and you must not fail to hear her lecture next time

She is the business manager of our Tramp Reform Association, and is one
of our best financial agents
 You ought to join our Tramp Reform
Association, doctor
 We have achieved wonders in that society
 We have
reformed as many as a dozen tramps during the last year
’

“‘In what way did you reform them, Miss Tadpoddle?’ I inquired


“‘Oh, we furnish them board and lodgings for a month, by way of trial,
and give them a good suit of clothes
 Miss Clattermouth lectures them
twice a week, and I give them Bible lessons three times a week
 If, at
the end of a month, one shows evidences of repentance and reformation,
we then furnish him with another suit of clothes, a Testament, five
dollars in cash and a certificate of good behavior, and discharge him
with our blessing
’

“‘If he doesn’t furnish the necessary evidence at the end of the first
month, what course do you pursue then?’

“‘We keep him another month, and if he proves incorrigible, we dismiss
him without our certificate or blessing
’

“‘The punishment, I must say, Miss Tadpoddle, is indeed very severe

What is to be the fate of the poor tramp who is thus turned loose on the
cold charities of the world with no certificate and without your
blessing? May I inquire what percentage prove incorrigible and are
driven out without the certificate and blessing?’

“‘I should say about ninety per cent
 It is a source of regret to know
that so many prove unworthy, yet it is a consolation to us to save as
much as ten per cent
 of the unfortunate class
’

“‘If I understand you correctly, any one can secure two months’ board
and lodging by representing himself as a tramp
’

“‘Oh, no, by no means; we always appoint a committee to investigate
each applicant and ascertain whether or not he is really a tramp
 We
have to be very strict in that respect, because we have detected several
of our own citizens in the attempt to palm themselves off on us as
tramps
 You see the rules of our association don’t allow us to receive
any citizen of the State, but we only take in those unfortunate men who
are known as tramps
 But enough about that subject
 I must finish
telling you about Miss Bramlett
 I fear I shall fatigue myself too much,
anyway, being so very feeble, as you are aware
 By the by, doctor, do
you remember where I was when we got off of the subject?’

“‘I believe you were telling me about seeing Miss Bramlett go to the
extreme back part of the garden, one starlight night, and that she had
on a heavy veil
’

“‘Yes, yes, I remember now
 I saw Miss Bramlett
 Her movements were so
mysterious that I became very much excited and curious to know what she
was up to
 When she got to the back part of the garden I, of course,
expected to see her turn and go back to the house, but not so, as you
shall hear as we proceed
 It never had occurred to me that she was going
to pay a clandestine visit at such an hour as that; but you may imagine
how great was my astonishment when I saw her removing the palings from
the fence
 My brother is a most remarkable man
 He is like me in one
respect--he never exaggerates--that is his character
 He is just like
me--I hate exaggeration
 Well, as I was about to observe--what was it I
was going to say? Oh, yes, I remember now
 I was on the eve of telling
you how Miss Bramlett’s mysterious conduct excited my curiosity

Curiosity is characteristic of our sex, you know, and I confess to a
weakness on that score
 You see I will tell the truth though the Heavens
fall
 I hate falsehood--it is my character to despise it
 Honesty is the
best policy--you remember the saying; by the by, it is an excellent
motto
 But I must be brief, for I begin to feel quite fatigued now--one
in my feeble condition ought not to talk much, though when I am strong
and well I don’t mind talking; it does not tire me at all--but it is
different with me now
 Just listen to me now; here I am again talking
nonsense, instead of letting you know what I saw with my own eyes
 Miss
Bramlett disappeared through the palings exactly as a ghost would have
done
 Don’t understand me to say or hint that I am a believer in
ghosts--no, I never thought of such a thing
 Anyway, she went through,
and for a moment I lost sight of her, but I was not to be outdone in
that way
 I hastened to the spot where I had seen her last, but could
see nothing of her
 I lost no time in leaping over the palings
 I
suppose you are astonished to hear me say so, but it is no exaggeration,
I assure you
 Very well, then; I did leap over the palings
 Then I was
in the street, all right
 You see I am very tall, not much short of six
feet, and if I do say it myself, I am very active, for a young girl
 But
let that pass, for I know it does not interest you
 Miss Bramlett was
walking rapidly down the street when I got over the palings, some fifty
or sixty yards from me
 I soon shortened the distance between us, being
careful to avoid the faint light from the lamp on the opposite side of
the street
 The lamp-posts were very far apart, and the streets were
deserted
 The lamps appeared quite feeble, and the light did not
interfere with my movements
 When Miss Bramlett reached the next block
she disappeared round the corner, and I was afraid she had escaped me
entirely; but I hastened to the corner, and was delighted to see her
within twenty paces of me
 The first alley she reached she turned into
and again disappeared, but I soon caught sight of her again, and kept
close behind her until she came to the private entrance of Ben Bowles’
gambling hell
 She stood before it a moment, then went in, and the door
closed behind her
 Now, Doctor Demar, what do you think of such doings
as that? Can’t you see that she is a very wicked woman? It is no use to
say that she is innocent--for I tell you she is guilty, and ought to be
hung
 All the lawyers in the world can’t save her neck
 Oh, it makes the
cold chills run up my back to think of that girl’s wickedness
’

“‘Miss Clattermouth made me promise not to talk much, and I must keep my
promise--it is my character to keep my word
 I despise people who
disregard the advice of friends
 Miss Clattermouth has been a true
friend to me--indeed, she has
 I admire such friends
 Did you ever see
the darling poodle she gave me? Oh, he is such a sweet little fellow
 I
must show him to you by all means
 I think he is asleep under the sofa
there
 I hate to disturb him, though--because he always frets so when
his naps are broken; but I guess he has got his nap nearly out by this
time
 Here, Tottie
 here, Tottie
 Come along and let the doctor see
you
’ The individual alluded to came crawling out from under the sofa
 I
suppose he would have weighed at least eight ounces avoirdupois
 He was
covered with wool as white as snow
 ‘Come along, darling; don’t be
bashful; let the doctor see you
’

“He started toward the bed where his mistress was, but came to a broom
handle that unfortunately had been left on the floor,--he couldn’t jump
over it, and didn’t have sense enough to go round it; but he began to
scream with great vigor, and I had to help him over it
 I sat him on the
bed by his mistress, and I am not ashamed to say that I gave him such a
squeeze that he was unable to yell any more for some time


“‘Oh, doctor, ain’t he a sweet little darling? How could I help loving
Miss Clattermouth, when she gave me such a nice present? But I suppose
you don’t love dogs, and would prefer to hear what further I have to say
about Miss Bramlett
 Very well, you shall hear it
 I got quite impatient
while I was waiting to see her come out of Bowles’ den; but I made up my
mind to see the end of it, and when I make up my mind to do anything, it
is as good as done
 I never give up an undertaking, once I resolve to go
into it--it is my character never to back down
 I hate people who
undertake anything and don’t do it
 I am one of those hanging-on sort
that don’t do things by halves
 I cling on like a badger--I believe that
is the name of the little animal that has such a reputation for hanging
on with so much tenacity; anyway, I am that kind of a woman
 The weather
was quite cold that night, and I suffered very much from it, but I
didn’t mind that at all
 I think I should have stood my ground if it had
rained lumps of ice as big as my head


“‘Well, as I was about to observe, I suffered from the cold weather, but
I was rewarded at last, for I saw Miss Bramlett come out of the house by
the same door through which she had entered; though she was not alone
this time--Bowles was with her
 I cannot state exactly how long she had
remained inside of the house, but if I was on my oath in a court-house,
I should say it was not a minute less than three hours
 When she came
out of the house, she was leaning on Bowles’ arm, and they were
conversing in an under-tone
 I could not hear all that was said, because
I was compelled to remain some distance from them, so as to keep them
from seeing me; but I heard enough (Heaven knows
) to hang Miss Bramlett
as high as Haman
 I don’t exactly remember how high it was that Haman
was hung, though it was about fifty cubits
 Now that must have been a
pretty lofty gallows
 A cubit is either eighteen inches or eighteen
feet--I don’t remember which
 I like that way of executing
criminals--hang ’em high, so everybody can see ’em
 I hope Viola
Bramlett will be hung where we can all see the fun
 But I was about to
tell you what she said to Bowles
 She was leaning on his arm, with her
mouth close to his ear
 You know Bowles, of course
 Yes, I am glad you
do--he is such a nice gentleman, so handsome, dresses so exquisite--then
he is so liberal with his money
 He aids us in all our benevolent
enterprises
 Oh, he is such a darling, clever gentleman
 What a pity it
is that such a handsome gentleman should be led astray by that scheming
hypocrite, Viola Bramlett
 It is very clear that she had him completely
under her thumb; and I am afraid he has been duped by her beauty and her
hypocritical smiles
 I heard her calling him “my dear, darling Ben” at
least half a dozen times
 Just think of that, will you? I declare, it
makes me sick to think of it
 She was evidently talking to him about the
murder of her brother, for I heard her ask Bowles if he thought there
was any danger of detection
 I also heard her ask him if a doctor could
tell when any one had died from poison, and how much strychnine it would
take to produce death
 Oh, doctor, it made the blood freeze in my veins
to hear her discussing the murder of her brother
 But, mind you, I had
no idea then that she intended to murder her own brother
 I followed her
and Bowles back to Mr
 Ragland’s residence
 They halted at the end of
the garden, and talked, for a long time, in an under-tone; at last
Bowles took her in his arms and kissed her
 Then she went into the
house, while he retraced his steps to his head-quarters
 I immediately
returned home and jotted down in my diary the things I had seen, just
as I have related them to you
 Now, how can the lawyers keep that wicked
woman from hanging? I should like you to tell me if you can
’

“You may imagine what my feelings were when Miss Tadpoddle had finished
her remarkable story; but I shall not try to describe them
 That Viola
Bramlett was lost, beyond all question, seemed to be a fixed fact, and
that it would nearly kill Lottie I knew full well
 I tried to argue Miss
Bramlett’s case to myself so as to bring her out unstained; but the
proof rose, like huge Olympus, before me
 Everything seemed to point
unmistakably to her as the guilty party; and if she was guilty at all,
it was clear that she had sunk so far down in the pit of infamy as to
render it necessary for me to separate her and Lottie





CHAPTER XX



“Time was gliding on unusually slow--it always does when we want it to
go fast, and never fails to gallop when we want it to walk
 A fortnight
had stolen by since my last interview with the interesting Miss
Tadpoddle
 Dabbs and Tadpoddle were still working like beavers, but
accomplishing nothing that anybody wanted them to do
 Everything they
did seemed to add new links to the strong chain of evidence against Miss
Bramlett
 Public sentiment, which at first had been strong in favor of
her innocence, had undergone a radical change, and was now as strong
against her as it had been in her favor
 I hate public sentiment--I
detest it, for it is a heartless tyrant, anyway, as often wrong as
right, and always on extremes
 Miss Tadpoddle and Miss Clattermouth
were, to a great extent, responsible for the sudden change in public
sentiment
 Their busy tongues had never been idle for a moment


“‘I declare,’ said Miss Clattermouth, ‘the meanest thing Miss Bramlett
did was to attempt to involve Mr
 Bowles in her scheme of murder
 He is
a thoughtless, jolly, good-hearted young man, unsuspicious by nature,
and the very kind of a man to be deceived by such a honey-tongued hussy
as Viola Bramlett
’

“‘Indeed,’ observed Miss Tadpoddle, ‘I agree with you there
 He is one
of those confiding, unsuspicious sort of men, easily played on by such
an adventuress
 My brother was inclined to censure him but you know the
simplicity of the good soul--he does not draw the proper distinctions in
such cases
 He is one of the best officers in the secret service, but he
owes most of his success to my judgment
 I often make the rounds with
him, and as to Miss Bramlett’s case, I think I may say without
exaggeration (for I never exaggerate) that but for my valuable aid, he
never would have secured the proof necessary to convict her
 And then,
he was inclined to think that Mr
 Bowles was as much to blame as Miss
Bramlett; but I defended Bowles--I thought it was my duty to do it
 I
convinced him that it was his duty to let Bowles alone
 The truth is, he
was about to have him arrested, but I made him consent to use Mr
 Bowles
as a witness against Miss Bramlett, as I thought his evidence would be
indispensable on the trial
’

“‘Oh
 I am so delighted to hear it,’ replied Miss Clattermouth; ‘do you
know, Jemima, that I think you are the dearest creature on earth? How
could we manage our affairs without you? Bowles is a dear, good
fellow--a little wild, I admit, but all young men, you know, must sow
their crop of wild oats
 I mean to tell him how you have been serving
him
 He comes to see me quite often, and he should know what a good
friend he has in you
 I am sure he will make a liberal donation to our
Tramp Reform Association as soon as he is advised of your friendly
intercession in his behalf
 He handles lots of money, and we must get
him to take an interest in our affairs
’

“‘Yes, I dare say he will make us a liberal donation if you will explain
the case to him
 If Viola Bramlett was fool enough to give her money to
him, that’s no reason why we should not have a share of it
 We will get
the inns on Bowles, and if we are wise we will make good use of our
advantage, but I shall depend on your cleverness to manage the money
matter
 By the way, what do you think of Charlotte Wallingford?’

“‘She is very pretty, and possesses good talent, but is ruining her
character by her friendship for Viola Bramlett
 She has no right to
thrust herself among respectable people after staying in jail with that
unnatural and cruel murderess
 She pretends to think that Miss Bramlett
is innocent, and for my part, she is welcome to her opinion, if it will
do her any good, though she will get a lofty fall when the trial comes
off
 I am told that they have made a concert room of the jail, and are
continually thumping away on an old guitar, and singing sentimental
songs
 I hate such romantic, pretty doll-babies, anyway, and I know it
would make me sick to witness their doings
’

“‘But, speaking of Lottie Wallingford, I don’t think she ever will marry
Ed Demar
 He thinks she loves him, but it is my opinion that she is
merely playing with him
 I can’t believe she loves anybody but herself

She likes to be different from other women
 That is the reason she
sticks to Viola Bramlett--it is because everybody else has forsaken her

She imagines it will create quite a sensation
 She likes to make herself
conspicuous, talks with lawyers and politicians, makes a display of
learning, holds herself above our Tramp Reform Association, quotes
poetry, plays the guitar, and sings lovesick songs
 Oh, I despise such
women
 It is my character to hate ’em
 No, no
 she ain’t going to marry
Ed Demar--he is too sober and practical to fill her bill
 She will set
her cap for a poet or a politician, or some such worthless trash
 Demar
knows Viola Bramlett is guilty, and would leave her to her fate but for
Charlotte Wallingford; he has been tied to her apron string
 As for her,
I expect if the whole truth were known, she is no better than Viola
Bramlett
’

“For me to tell all the tales of slimy slander that were put in
circulation by Miss Tadpoddle and her friends, would occupy too much
time and would bore my audience
 Suffice it to say that Lottie’s
spotless name came out unscathed
 It was impossible to keep her in
ignorance of the reports that were being circulated by those malicious
old hags, though I had done my best to do it
 They always managed
somehow to let the parties slandered know of the fact
 At any rate, such
was the case in this instance; but to my utter astonishment, Lottie
seemed to be unmoved by it
 No evidence of anger or annoyance was
exhibited by her, and she smiled derisively, remarking that if it
afforded Miss Tadpoddle pleasure to wag her tongue she had no objections
to urge against it


“One bright, sunny evening, when the atmosphere was soft and
invigorating,--I think it was about three weeks after Harry had started
for California--I was strolling alone in Doctor Dodson’s flower garden,
busily occupied in castle building
 I did not like the state of affairs,
and I wanted to steal away and be alone, so as to sum up things and see
if I could make a sure guess as to the future
 The painful situation in
which Lottie was placed was a source of great uneasiness to me, and I
began to think it was my duty to extricate her if possible
 I had
mentioned the subject to Mr
 Rockland, and he promised to endeavor to
persuade Lottie to cease her sojourn at the jail, for he agreed with me
that the proof fixed Viola’s guilt beyond question
 But when he
mentioned the subject to Lottie she peremptorily refused to abandon Miss
Bramlett, vowing that she was innocent, and that she never would forsake
her
 I had another interview with Dabbs and Tadpoddle, who had
discovered a new batch of evidence that appeared to settle the question
as to Viola’s guilt so completely that it was useless to make any
further fight in her behalf
 The truth is, I had lost all hopes at last,
and the main question to be considered now was how to get Lottie away
from the jail
 I was well aware of the fact that I was treading on
dangerous ground when I ventured to talk to her about Viola’s guilt
 I
took a seat on a low wooden bench in the arbor, and gave the rein to my
thoughts
 They strayed back to my boyhood days, when I was tramping
along the road with Lottie by my side; then they dashed off to
California and endeavored to interview Harry
 My fancy next snatched up
Lottie’s lovely image and placed it before me--then my heart grew light

I tried to fasten my thoughts on that dear image, but couldn’t do it;
for in spite of me, they would wander off to unpleasant subjects
 A
dozen little birds gave me a serenade with their delightful melody, as
they perched among the vines over the top of the arbor, and I tried to
induce my mind to interview the sweet little songsters, but it refused

The fact was, my thoughts seemed bent on mischief, that is to say they
appeared to be determined to make me miserable, because instead of
dwelling on Lottie and the birds, they went off after Miss Tadpoddle and
Miss Clattermouth and came lugging them back to my arbor


“I began to watch the sun as it was going down among the trees on the
Arkansas side of the river, looking like a huge ball of fire, and my
thoughts must have gone down with the sun, for I stretched myself out on
the bench and soon was sound asleep
 I dreamed that I was in Heaven, and
that a beautiful angel, who had been there long before my arrival, met
me at the outer gate, and announced herself as the guide, who had been
sent out to escort me in, and to show me the charming beauties of the
place
 She conducted me along the main street for some distance, where
solid blocks of gold constituted the pavement; then she led me through a
beautiful landscape thickly studded with green trees, whose foliage gave
forth the most delicious perfume
 After wandering through those
delightful groves for some time, she brought me to the banks of a
beautiful river, whose bosom was covered with little boats, gliding over
the smooth surface of the water
 Each boat contained a band of angels
who were singing hymns of praise to the great King of Heaven
 My guide
conducted me to a lovely spot near the banks of the beautiful river, and
instructed me to take a seat on a bench of gold, that was furnished with
cushions of exquisite pattern
 The spot was covered with strange-looking
flowers, whose perfume filled all the air with a sweet scent
 My guide
then informed me that there was an angel in Heaven who had been watching
and waiting for me a long while; that she had been besieging the great
Throne with her prayers in my behalf; and she told me to keep my seat
and wait a short time, and she would inform the angel of my arrival
 She
then spread out her golden wings and flew to the northern part of
Heaven; then as soon as she disappeared, I was seized with a drowsy
feeling, and I lay down on the soft cushions, and soon was asleep
 After
a while I thought that the flowers overhead began to fall gently down on
me
 I felt them softly touching my cheek
 My guide returned, accompanied
by another angel
 Oh, she was the most charming creature that I had ever
seen
 Her beautiful form was robed in spotless white, with long waves of
golden hair flowing unconfined about her shoulders
 Her large blue eyes
gazed down on me, while tears of joy trembled in them
 I thought she
touched my cheek with the beautiful feathers at the tip of her wing
 I
shouted for joy and woke myself, and Lottie was standing over me
tickling my nose with her handkerchief
 There stood the angel exactly as
I had seen her in Heaven, only she was dressed in blue silk instead of
white, and minus the wings


“‘Get up, old sluggard,’ she said, ‘you have slept long enough; I have
been waiting over an hour for you to wake, but I think you would have
slept here all night if I had not tickled your nose with my
handkerchief
’

“‘Oh, Lottie, I have had such a delicious dream; I have been in Heaven;
I cannot realize the fact that I am on earth; you were there, too; you
were an angel with wings so white and beautiful
’

“‘I hope your dream will come true, when old Time shall settle accounts
with us
’

“‘So do I; and I think my dream is a good omen
 Sit down, and let me
take a good look at you
 You appear so fresh and beautiful this
evening
’

“‘I notice that you have not forsaken your old inclinations to flatter
me
’

“‘No, it is no flattery, I assure you
 Pardon me, but I must be
permitted to give expression to my happiness in some way, else I could
not endure it
’

“She took a seat by my side, while her beautiful eyes looked up into my
face; a joyful tear trembled on the long lashes


“‘How is it, darling,’ I at last inquired, as I pressed her hand to my
lips, ‘that you are looking so fresh and bright, when you have been
constantly in attendance at the jail? I was afraid it would make you
ill
’

“‘The performance of a duty always gives me health and happiness, no
matter how much the labor is
’

“‘How is Miss Bramlett to-day?’

“‘She is quite well physically; but in great mental distress
’

“‘I suppose that is caused by the discovery of the new batch of evidence
that was lately made against her
’

“‘What are you talking about? Don’t you know that she is grieving
herself to death about Harry?’

“‘Indeed, no; and I cannot understand why she should think of him, after
having driven him from her presence
’

“‘That only goes to show how little you know about a woman’s heart;
Viola Bramlett is not thinking of her own situation, but her mind is all
the time on Harry
’

“‘Don’t you think it is high time she was worried a little about her own
condition? The date is near at hand when the grand jury will assemble;
and it is certain that they will find a bill, then she will be compelled
to stand her trial
’

“‘Indeed, I am glad to know that the day is near at hand when we shall
get rid of this business
’

“‘Do you think Miss Bramlett will be ready for the trial when the time
arrives?’

“‘Oh, yes; I see no reason why she should not; everything has been
arranged except what I was telling you about Helen Herndon, and that I
shall intrust to you
’

“‘Do you think it worth while to send me to Vicksburg on a wild goose
chase?’

“‘Don’t talk that way--you must go at once; I have got some information
about her, but not quite all I want
 You will find Helen Herndon’s
mother lives near the city of Vicksburg, and you must go there for the
information which I want
’

“‘I’ll go anywhere or do anything to please you, but don’t give me
anything to do that will keep me away very long
’

“‘Oh, no; I could not do that; but you can soon get back, and then we
are ready for the trial
’

“‘Are you as hopeful now, Lottie, as to the result of the trial, as you
were at first?’

“‘To be candid with you, I must confess that I am not
 That Philadelphia
detective has managed to excite public sentiment against Viola; it was
very unfortunate that Harry should have employed him
 He may be a good
officer, but he had his mind satisfied that Viola was guilty, and he
could not divest himself of it; he was so blinded by his prejudice that
he could not see any evidence except such as would operate against her

Some people in this city will be greatly surprised when the trial comes
off: things will come to light that will startle some who are now
dreaming in fancied safety
’

“‘Does Miss Bramlett know about this late discovery of evidence that was
made by Dabbs?’

“‘She knows nothing about anything of a disagreeable nature that my
prudence could keep from her
 I did my best to stop all those floating
rumors from reaching her ears, but in spite of all my efforts, Miss
Tadpoddle and Miss Clattermouth will occasionally come to the jail and
spout venom worse than that snake which bit me on the wrist; but it was
very gratifying to me to see that Viola treated it with scorn
 She would
be happy if she were reconciled with Harry
’

“‘Lottie, when I was in Heaven a while ago, I did not see any angels
that in any respect resembled Miss Tadpoddle--though my guide did not
take me to the gossiping department
’

“‘Stop, Eddie
 don’t use levity now, please--the occasion demands
serious thought; let Miss Tadpoddle and her friend, Miss Clattermouth,
enjoy their tattling proclivities--they are more to be pitied than
condemned
 The truth is, I am really sorry for them, because they never
knew the pleasures of true love
 No one ever gazed down on either of
those poor old maids with such a look of love as is now bent on me
 We
should let the mantle of charity conceal their faults, and look more
closely after our own
 For my part, I am sincerely sorry for people who
have none to love them
 What a lonely, unhappy existence must theirs
be
’

“‘Lottie, I do honestly believe you have the best heart that ever
throbbed in woman’s breast
’

“‘You never were more mistaken in all your life, because I have no heart
at all--a naughty old thief slipped in and stole it
’

“‘It was only a swap, and you got the worst of the bargain; but such as
it is it belongs to you--no one can dispute your title
 But really I
would give anything for your charitable disposition; I don’t think I
ever heard you speak ill of any one
’

“‘As to that, I have endeavored to do to others as I would have them do
to me
 I think it is a good rule not to speak at all about our
neighbors unless we can say something in their favor
 We all have
faults, and we are not so apt to discover our own as we are to detect
those of others
 Miss Clattermouth and her friend, Miss Tadpoddle,
really believe that Viola is a murderess; they think that they are
discharging nothing more than a plain duty when they try to convince
other people that it is true
 But let us change the subject--we must
discuss our plans for the future
 When can you start for Vicksburg?’

“‘To-morrow morning, if you wish it; you are my commander-in-chief now,
and you will find me always obedient
’

“‘Thank you; make it to-morrow then
’

“‘Let me understand exactly what I am going for
’

“‘A few miles from the city of Vicksburg you will find a widow lady
residing on a farm--her name is Fanny Totten
 This lady had a daughter
named Victoria, who eloped with a man of disreputable character many
years ago
 Now you must find out the name of the man with whom she
eloped, and get some one who was acquainted with Victoria Totten to come
to Memphis to testify to her identity
 You must take plenty of funds
with you to defray all expenses; I want you, if possible, to secure one
of her pictures and bring it to me; also procure some of her
manuscript--anything which will enable an expert to identify her
handwriting
 You will have to be very cautious or you will arouse the
suspicion of Miss Totten’s friends
 This woman has been traveling under
various names, and you must commence at her mother’s house and trace her
to every place where she has been since she left her mother’s roof
 I
don’t think you will find any difficulty in that respect, for she has
not covered up her tracks quite as well as she might have done
’

“‘Is she the one you think committed the murder?’

“‘Ask me no questions and I’ll tell you no falsehoods
 Do what I bid you
and wait for the result
’

“‘Lottie, you are a real lawyer, and I hope you will clear your client;
but the evidence against Viola rises higher and higher every day, and it
will be an up-hill business
’

“‘I dare say you are right in regard to the up-hill part, but as to my
being a lawyer, I make no pretensions in that line--I merely wish to
serve my friend; but let that pass, and tell me what is this new
evidence which you say has been resurrected
’

“‘Have you not heard it?’

“‘Not from a source entitled to much credit
 I want to hear it from
you
’

“‘Another witness--a respectable gentleman--will swear that he met Miss
Bramlett at Ben Bowles’ private apartment late at night about ten days
before her brother was murdered
’

“‘The man who swears that will commit perjury, and shall be punished for
it
’

“‘I must be permitted to remind you that Miss Tadpoddle will also swear
that Viola was there
’

“‘I never shall believe she will swear it until I hear her do it with my
own ears
’

“‘She told me she would, and you may depend on her doing it; and the
worst of it is, she will swear that she heard Miss Bramlett ask Bowles
how much strychnine it would take to produce death
 Oh, Lottie, what
will be your fate if Viola should be found guilty? It makes me tremble
to think of the awful consequences of such an unfortunate event--it
would ruin all of us
’

“‘Eddie, don’t be alarmed; remember the old adage, “Sufficient unto the
day is the evil thereof
” It will be time enough to lament the
catastrophe when it occurs
’

“‘True enough, but I should like to see the man who never dreaded
approaching evil
’

“‘You must learn a little more philosophy, master a little more
patience, and don’t give credit to all you hear; but come--you must take
me back to the jail
 I promised Viola I would return before nine; and
she would be disappointed if I failed
’

“I escorted her to the jail, and took my leave to return home and spend
the night in sweet dreams about Lottie
 What she could want with the
private history of Miss Totten was a question that puzzled me
 Who was
Miss Totten? Who was assisting Lottie in secret was another problem I
could not solve
 It was evident to my mind that she was working in
conjunction with some one behind the scenes
 I was inclined to be angry
because I had not been told everything
 Why should they not confide in
me? Wasn’t I as anxious to see Miss Bramlett’s innocence established as
any one could be? Before I reached home I had worked myself into a
towering passion, and had resolved to demand an explanation as soon as I
should return from Vicksburg
 Doctor Dodson met me at the front hall
door, and I knew as soon as my eyes met his that he had something to say
to me of importance


“‘Ah, ha
 here we come, my boy
 glad to see you--walk in
 I have
something to say to you, my boy--trouble brewing
 Ah, ha
 real trouble
ahead--something must be done--no time to swap horses now, my boy

Lottie’s reputation is in danger--she must be saved--no wishy-washy work
now
 That dear girl is infatuated with Miss Bramlett; she must leave the
jail at once, else she is a ruined woman
 See to it, my boy--you are the
man to do it--don’t you see? Ah, ha
 you are the one to take her away
from the jail
 All sorts of scandalous tales afloat about Miss Bramlett;
investigation says they are too true
 Society will condemn Lottie; her
name has already been mentioned unfavorably
 Ah, ha
 my boy, somebody
will be killed before this business is ended
’

“‘Show me the villain who has dared breathe a word of suspicion on the
fair name of my Lottie
’

“‘Hush, hush
 my boy, that’s not the way to talk; let us take the proper
steps to save her--she must not be permitted to associate with Miss
Bramlett another day
 I can’t see what Rockland means by allowing her to
stay in jail with that unfortunate woman
’

“‘Mr
 Rockland has done his best to induce Lottie to return home, but
she positively refused to do it
 I have been pleading with her also, but
it does no good; she vows never to forsake Viola until she gets out of
the trouble
’

“‘Pshaw
 Ed, it is nonsense to talk about getting Miss Bramlett out of
the scrape; she has fallen into a pit of infamy so deep that no power on
earth can lift her out of it
 Ah, ha
 don’t you see it, my boy? She has
not only committed a most cruel murder, but she has been guilty of other
detestable crimes which I would blush to name
 While I pity the poor
girl, I am unwilling to see Lottie ruined by a foolish friendship for
her
 Society will not draw the proper distinctions in such cases
 At
first I did not believe Miss Bramlett guilty, but after full
investigation I was forced to change my opinion--all the lawyers in
Memphis cannot clear her
 Ragland is very much to blame for this state
of affairs; he has not done his duty as guardian to his brother’s
daughter
 Ah, ha
 my boy, don’t you see? The fact of the business is,
Ragland is no account--drinks and gambles all the time, instead of
looking after his business
 I can’t understand what induced Bramlett to
name Ragland as the guardian of his children
 Anyway, I suppose he was
ignorant of his bad habits
 Mrs
 Ragland is worse than her husband:
thinks of nothing but self, dresses like an empress, and spends her time
at theatres, balls and on the streets, instead of looking after her
household affairs
 How could anything be expected of Miss Bramlett when
left, as she was, a young, giddy girl, in the hands of such people as
Ragland and his wife? That’s the reason I pity the poor girl more than I
condemn her
 I mean to petition the Governor to pardon her; he will do
it without hesitation; he was here the other day, and was introduced to
Lottie
 I heard him say she was the most charming woman he ever had met;
he was delighted with her music, and says she possesses the brightest
mind of any woman he ever saw
 The Governor is a great friend of
Rockland, and we shall have no difficulty in procuring a pardon for Miss
Bramlett
 Ah, ha
 Eddie, my boy, don’t you see, poor thing, she must be
pardoned; no use to try to clear her by a jury--proof too strong
 You
might as well try to storm Gibraltar with pop-guns as to get an
acquittal in court
 But above all other considerations, we must separate
Lottie from Miss Bramlett
’

“‘I don’t believe it can be done,’ was my reply
 ‘I think Lottie never
will leave Viola while she is in prison; but if you will accompany me to
the jail early in the morning we will try what can be done
 I am going
to start for Vicksburg on the 10:30 train to-morrow, and if we see
Lottie it must be early
’

“‘All right, my boy; we will see her in the morning
 She must come away
from that jail; but good-night; see if you can’t stir up a sensible
dream to-night that will show you how to manage Lottie in the morning
’

“We were at the jail by seven o’clock on the following morning, for the
purpose of trying to induce Lottie to go back to her home
 Doctor Dodson
stated the object of our visit, at the same time telling Lottie how her
reputation was being injured by her association with Miss Bramlett


“I saw her fair cheeks turn as red as blood, and knew she was angry,
though no one would have thought so from her language
 She cast an
appealing glance at me; I could read her thoughts as plain as print


“‘Doctor Dodson,’ said Lottie, as she laid her hand on his shoulder and
looked up into his face, ‘would it be charitable, would it be Christian
duty, to forsake a friend merely because that friend had been forsaken
by the world? It seems to me that that would be the very time when a
true friend would stick closer
 Now, my dear doctor, you know how much I
respect you; you are well aware of the fact that no one has a higher
regard for your opinions than I have; nay, you know how much Eddie and I
love you--it would make me miserable indeed if I were to incur your
displeasure; I believe that when you have looked at both sides of the
case with an impartial eye you’ll not be angry with me for refusing to
forsake my unfortunate friend in this dark hour of her troubles
 You say
that my reputation has already suffered injury by my association with
Viola Bramlett
 I regret very much to hear it
 I am sorry indeed that my
reputation is so feeble as to be crippled by such puny assaults
 I have
been flattering myself with the idea that an honest woman’s reputation
could withstand all such assaults and come out unscathed
 But if it is
true that my character has been damaged by my friendship for Miss
Bramlett, it would not repair the damage for me to forsake her now
 I
must be permitted to have my own way in this matter, and at no distant
day you will rejoice with me for having done so
’

“I saw tears trembling in Lottie’s eyes as she looked up imploringly
into Doctor Dodson’s face


“‘By Jove, child, you shall have your own way
’ said the doctor, as he
pressed a kiss on her brow; ‘you shall do as you like, and I shall cram
this fist down the throat of any scamp who dares to speak a word against
you
 I admire your fidelity to your friend, my child
 Ah, ha
 that I
do
 Miss Bramlett was fortunate in securing such a friend; what does
anybody want with a friend except when he is in trouble? Ah, ha
 don’t
you see, Eddie, my boy? We’ll go back now
 Let Lottie alone; she has got
more sense than both of us
 Ah, ha
 can’t you see how it is yourself? Go
along and do exactly what she tells you to do
 She is pilot of this
boat, Eddie, ah, ha
 you see it, don’t you?’

“I started to Vicksburg at 10:30, and was absent from home a little over
three weeks
 I, however, succeeded in securing all the information that
Lottie wanted, though I had to make a trip to New Orleans before I found
it





CHAPTER XXI



“There is nothing I detest more than I do a mystery of any sort

Notwithstanding my abhorrence of it, I now found myself, by some
unaccountable cause, entangled in a most singular and inexplicable web
of mystery
 The more I struggled to extricate myself from it the lower
down did I plunge, until despite my efforts I found myself inundated and
helpless


“One evening, after I had performed a very hard day’s work at the
drug-store, I hurried home to seek that rest which the excessive labor
of the day caused me to need
 It was some time after dark when I lifted
the latch of the gate which stood in front of Doctor Dodson’s handsome
residence and began to walk leisurely along the gravel road leading
toward the house
 The night was unusually dark, the sky being totally
obscured by innumerable black, angry clouds, while ever and anon the
sound of distant thunder announced the approaching storm, and an
occasional flash of lightning would every now and then cast a bright
light around me
 I halted a few paces from the gate, leaned against one
of the tall poplar trees that stood near the edge of the road, and took
off my hat, to let the cool fresh breeze fan my fevered brow
 My head
was aching severely, my cheeks were hot, and the blood in my veins
seemed to be boiling; I concluded that a few moments spent in the open
air would relieve me
 Soon after I had halted I thought I heard the
sound of footsteps approaching the spot where I stood
 I knew it was not
Doctor Dodson, for he had left town early in the morning to visit a
patient in the country, informing me that he would not be home until
next day
 I became convinced that the grounds had been invaded by some
one--perhaps a thief who was waiting for an opportunity to rob the
house
 I tried to peer through the darkness, hoping to see the intruder,
but I was straining my eyes in vain, for I could not distinguish any
object at a distance of ten feet, except when the space was momentarily
lighted up by the flashes of electricity that often blazed among the
clouds
 Sometimes I would imagine that I had been deceived; but my
doubts were finally set at rest when I distinctly saw the form of a man
as he dodged behind a tree just as a bright streak of lightning blazed
for a second about me


“‘Who are you, and what do you want here at this late hour?’ I demanded
in a loud tone


“‘Fly for your life, Ed--your hiding-place is discovered; you have no
time to spare--the officers are after you--large rewards have been
offered for your capture, dead or alive--get away as soon as you can
’

“Those words were uttered in a suppressed tone, while the speaker still
remained concealed behind the tree, only exposing his head to my view,
which I could plainly see every time the lightning would flash


“‘Who are you?’

“‘Hush
 Ed, for Heaven’s sake don’t talk so loud, else we will be
discovered, for I saw the detective tracking you last night
 They will
hang you if they catch you
 fly immediately, or it will be too
late--think of your pretty darling, and for her sake escape while you
can
’

“‘Leave these premises this instant, you drunken vagabond
’ I angrily
exclaimed, ‘else I will call a policeman and have you sent to the
station-house
’

“‘Hush
 I tell you, Ed, this is no time to crack jokes--it is a question
of life or death; and if you are determined to throw away your life, you
cannot say that I failed to do my duty--I have given you fair warning

You need not be afraid to trust me, for I would die for you if
necessary--you may depend on me to fetch your darling to you in any
part of the world
’

“I at last arrived at the conclusion that I was in the presence of an
escaped lunatic, and that it would be good policy to keep at a
respectful distance from him
 An unusually bright flash of lightning now
played for several seconds among a heavy bank of dark clouds that were
hanging very low overhead, spreading a brilliant light over the space
around me, which enabled me to get a plain view of the features of this
mysterious intruder
 The face was that of a young man--rather pale, but
very handsome, and I could see that he was well dressed in a
close-fitting suit of black cloth, and in the bright light I noticed a
heavy watch chain glittering on his vest
 Again I inquired of the man
his name, and as it was the third time I had made the same demand, I
accompanied the inquiry with a threat that I would instantly call a
policeman if he refused to give me a definite answer


‘“Ed, are you crazy
” exclaimed the strange intruder; ‘you know well
enough who I am; I have encountered serious risk in making my way here
in order to warn you of the approaching danger; fly to-night, else you
are lost beyond question
’

“‘Why should I fly--who seeks my life? I have injured nobody; if you
know of any reason why I should leave my home, say so in plain terms
’

“‘Good-by, Ed,’ exclaimed the stranger, as he moved toward the gate; ‘my
conscience is clear, for I have faithfully discharged my duty, though I
may lose my life by the act
 They told me you were half mad, but I am
now satisfied you are completely so--remember my warning, ere it is too
late
’

“By the time he had uttered the last word he passed through the gate,
and I could distinctly hear the heels of his boots striking on the brick
pavement as he hurried down the street
 I called to him to stop and give
an explanation; whether he heard me or not I do not know, for he did not
answer or halt
 I sank down on the turf, buried my face in my hands, and
endeavored to call to mind all the events that had transpired around me
during that past week
 ‘What have I done to offend any one?’ was the
first question I propounded to myself; ‘is it possible that I have
unwittingly injured any person? have I at any time been deprived of my
reason? have I been insane, and while in that condition committed some
enormous crime?’

“I remained seated on the turf at least an hour, and perhaps would have
stayed longer, but I was aroused from my reverie by the heavy drops of
rain that began to fall on my head
 I then rose and went to the house,
when I was met at the front door by my adopted mother, who had been
watching for me a long time


“‘Come into my room, Edward,’ she said, as she took hold of my arm and
pressed her lips on my cheek; ‘we will take tea there to-night--it is
ready, and we have been waiting for you over an hour
’

“I knew by the tone of her voice that something serious was weighing on
her mind, and I could tell by the inquiring glance which she frequently
cast on me that she wanted to have a talk with me
 She rang the bell,
and when the servant came to answer it she ordered tea to be served in
her room, which she always did when she had any important communications
to make to me
 I noticed that she kept her large, expressive gray eyes
intently fixed on me with a strange look of inquiry
 Notwithstanding the
facility with which I had been able to divine her thoughts at all times,
I was greatly puzzled, as well as embarrassed, on that occasion, by the
strangeness of her look
 I took a stand in front of a large mirror that
hung on the wall, in order to see if there was anything unusual in my
personal appearance that caused my mother to stare at me so strangely

While I was looking in the mirror, I noticed that my mother still had
her eyes riveted on me, and that she had her hands firmly clasped above
her head, which she always did when in trouble
 As soon as I turned
round she suddenly dropped her hands, took a seat at the little table
and commenced pouring out my tea--and I could see that her hand trembled
so that she could not hold the cup
 She filled the cup as it sat on the
table, and when she attempted to pass it to me she let it fall on the
floor, breaking it into fragments


“‘Edward,’ she whispered in a tone tremulous from emotion, ‘you will
have to pour out the tea yourself, for my nerves are somewhat unstrung
this evening
’

“I proceeded to help myself in silence, being so much embarrassed by my
mother’s strange conduct that I was afraid to venture to make a remark


“Supper over, the servants cleared the table, and my mother took her
seat in a large, cushioned arm-chair, and in order to conceal my
excitement, I sat down on a low seat and rested my head in her lap
 I
never before had been so long in her presence without speaking, and the
silence was becoming oppressive and painful
 When my head fell on her
lap, she began to smooth back my hair with her hand, and I felt a tear
drop on my cheek that had fallen from her eye


“‘What is it, mother? what has occurred to distress you so?’

“‘Edward, have you ever committed any crime that would subject you to
the penalties of the law?’

“If a powder magazine had exploded beneath my feet, and tossed me onto
the top of a house across the street, it could not have given me a
greater shock than that question did


“‘Oh, Edward, my dear son, tell me what has happened? What have you done
to cause a reward to be offered for your arrest? I beseech you to tell
me everything, and then I will know how to advise you
’

“‘Mother, am I in my proper senses, or am I mad? give me a direct answer
to those questions
’

“‘Don’t trifle with your mother that way, my son; I implore you to
remember that this is no occasion for levity
’

“‘I never was in deeper earnest than I am now, mother, therefore I
repeat my question: “Have I gone crazy, or not? have you noticed
anything in my conduct, or in my appearance, that would indicate the
loss of reason--have I ever been a somnambulist--did you ever know of my
leaving the premises after going to bed--have I ever been subject to
fits of insanity, or fits of any sort?” Now, mother dear, I earnestly
request you to answer each and all of those questions, because my mind
is greatly troubled about it
’

“‘Edward, I am afraid that you are not very well to-night, for I am sure
you never talked so strangely before
 It is hard for me to believe that
you could seriously propound such absurd questions to me; but to gratify
you, I will give you a candid reply: To every one of those foolish
questions I unhesitatingly answer, No; and I will go further, and say
that I do not believe the State of Tennessee contains a man who
possesses a mind more evenly balanced than yours
’

“‘Very well, my dear mother; tell me why you asked me such a strange
question?’

“‘Just before dark, I was walking through the flower garden, inspecting
some work that I had ordered the gardener to do, and when I reached the
extreme back part, near the fence, I saw a strange woman on the outside
who was beckoning to me
 She was elegantly dressed, and heavily veiled,
so I did not get a chance to see her face
 I was considerably frightened
at first, because the singularity of her conduct led me to believe that
she was crazy, and I started toward the house, when she called my name
in a voice I thought I had heard before
 I then stopped, and hesitated
for a moment, when she said she had an important communication to make
which involved the life of some one who was very dear to me
 I drew near
the spot where she stood, when she made the following statement: “Tell
Edward that his place of concealment has been discovered, a large reward
having been offered for his capture, and that the law officers are after
him
 When you deliver this message to Edward he will understand it, and
you may tell him that his darling shall be cared for, and conveyed to
him as soon as he reaches a place of safety
” She then abruptly left me
before I had time to ask her name; in fact, I was so completely shocked
by the statement she had made that I did not utter a word
 Now, Edward,
my dear son, tell me what it all means
’

“‘My darling mother, as God is my judge, I declare that it is as much of
a mystery to me as it is to you; but of one thing you may rest
assured--I never have knowingly committed a crime of any sort that would
cause me to conceal myself anywhere
 I believe that a combination has
been formed against me by some secret enemies, the object of which is to
estrange Lottie from me, and to secure her for Heartsell
 I do not think
they ever will be able to shake Lottie’s confidence in me, but there is
danger of their winning Mr
 Rockland to their side
 No, mother dear, you
never shall have cause to blush on account of any conduct of mine
’

“‘God bless my noble boy
’ she exclaimed, as she again pressed me to
her bosom; ‘I believe you, and if you will trust Him who guides the
storm, He will carry you through this trouble unscathed
’

“I did not tell my mother about the strange interview I had with the
mysterious man on the lawn, as I did not want to increase her troubles

I remained with her until eleven o’clock, then went to my sleeping room,
where I was surprised to find a letter lying on my dressing table
 I
seized the envelope, and with a trembling hand tore it open and read as
follows:

     “‘DEAR ED--Fly for your life--you are discovered
 A large reward is
     offered for your capture
 Delay is fatal


     “‘Yours truly,

     “TOM
’

“I had scarcely finished reading the letter when a little negro boy--a
servant belonging to the household--came in and handed me a note


“‘Here, boss,’ he exclaimed, as he shoved the paper in my face, ‘dar is
de letter what de lady axed me to fetch to you
’

“‘What lady are you talking about?’

“‘How you ’spect dis nigger to tell de lady’s name ’cept he knowed it?’

“‘When and where did you see the lady who gave you this letter?’

“‘I was gwine to de drug-store to fetch missus some ‘scription for dat
sick nigger what had de ager, and de lady cotch me by de arm and told me
to give de letter into your own hand; den she give dis nigger a whole
dollar and went off
’

“‘What street were you in when you met the lady?’

“‘Squeal street, close to de church
’

“‘Beal street you mean
’

“‘Yes, boss, dat am hit
’

“‘Very well, you may go now
’

“As soon as the little negro left the room I proceeded to open the
letter and, lo and behold
 here was another document exactly like the
one that I had found on my table, except the handwriting, the last one
being a very neat, fine hand, while the first one was written in a bold,
uneven hand:

     “‘Fly for your life--you are discovered
 A large reward is offered
     for your capture
 Delay is fatal
’

“This letter had no name signed to it, and no date--it was written on
gilt-edged note-paper, and richly perfumed
 My hands trembled so
violently that I could scarcely hold the letter still enough to read it;
and when I did manage to peruse it my vexation surpassed all previous
bounds, and I fell back on the sofa and groaned in despair
 I remained
thus, buried deep in my melancholy reflections, until after
midnight--then went to bed, but not to sleep
 The old clock on the
mantel was ticking regularly, and at every stroke of the pendulum it
seemed to say: ‘Fly for your life
 Fly for your life
’ It must have been
near daylight when I fell into a troubled slumber, from which I was
awakened by the breakfast bell at eight o’clock
 My temples were
throbbing--my eyes felt like balls of fire, while my blood was feverish

I plunged into a large tank of cold water in the bath-room, which served
to cool the fever in my blood


“Hastily arranging my toilet, I met my mother at the breakfast table
with a cheerful smile, which cost me a considerable effort to keep up

She made many anxious inquiries about my health and the manner in which
I had rested during the night, all of which I answered truthfully, as
far as I could without increasing her anxiety
 I took a cup of strong
coffee, kissed my mother, and hurried to the drug-store, when a little
boy came briskly in and handed me another letter, and darted out at the
door before I had time to interrogate him as to who had sent it
 I of
course supposed it was another one of those detestable notes advising me
to ‘fly for life,’ and being disgusted with documents of that sort, I
moved toward the fire, intending to consign the letter to the flames
unopened; but glancing at the superscription, I was delighted to
discover that it was from Lottie
 The contents of the note caused a
thrill of delicious joy to dart through my heart
 It was like a cold,
bubbling spring gushing up in the middle of an African desert before a
perishing traveler


     “DEAR EDWARD--This is to inform you that I am going to spend the
     day in my flower garden, for the purpose of superintending the
     transplanting of some of my flowers, and if it will not interfere
     with your professional duties, I should be delighted to have the
     benefit of your advice and assistance
 Mother and Mrs
 Dodson have
     very kindly consented to spend the day with Viola, which enables me
     to look after my flowers; they, you know, have been sadly neglected
     of late


     “‘LOTTIE
’

“When I arrived I found Lottie busily engaged in arranging a fresh bed
where she was preparing to plant some tube-roses


“‘I am so glad you have come, Edward
’ she exclaimed, as she came to
meet me; ‘you may make up your mind to do a good day’s work here--just
see how the weeds are choking my pretty jasmines yonder
 and there are
my geraniums all dying for lack of attention
 I declare, it is too bad,
and I must give Uncle Zack a good scolding for neglecting my flowers
’

“Notwithstanding her declarations about the lack of attention which her
garden had been subjected to, I was filled with delicious pleasure at
the beautiful prospect before me
 The air was loaded with ravishing
odors arising from different kinds of fragrant flowers
 A new fountain,
with a bronze statue of Diana standing in the center, had been lately
put up near the summer-house
 The goddess held her bow and arrow in her
hand, while a jet of sparkling water came gushing out from the end of
the arrow, and fell into a large marble basin at her feet
 A marble
Cupid stood on the south side of the basin, holding a gilded dart
pointed toward a statue of Venus, as she appears rising up out of the
water
 Innumerable green turfy walks meandered about among the charming
flowers, while hundreds of beautiful vases in china and gold, red, blue
and green, lined each side, filled with all kinds of sweet-scented
plants
 I was so completely intoxicated by the charming sweetness with
which the murmuring breeze was impregnated by fragrant flowers, that I
could scarcely keep from giving expression to my delightful feelings in
shouts of joy
 As I stood gazing intently at Lottie as she moved about
among the flowers like a beautiful fairy, I lifted up my soul in humble
thanks to God, for giving me the heart of such a noble woman


“‘Why do you stand there all the day idle, Eddie, when there is so much
work to do? why do you not come and help me transplant these flowers?’

“Those questions had the effect of rousing me from my delightful
reverie, and I went to work in good earnest and did not stop until the
perspiration began to stream from my brow


“‘There now, Edward, the job is complete, and we will rest under the
shade of the magnolias--I am going to give you a nice picnic dinner
to-day, to compensate you for assisting me
’

“Then addressing Uncle Zack she said:

“‘Tell Burley to prepare a good dinner for two, and that we will dine in
the magnolia grove to-day; send us a small table here, and tell her to
be in a hurry, for industrious people are always hungry


“‘Now, Edward, here is a nice seat for you, and here is one for me,--now
we will rest from our labors and have a cozy chat about old times,
unless you have got something new to talk about
’ Then for the first
time since my arrival at the garden, the memory of the mysterious
warnings I had received rose up like Banquo’s ghost before me
 ‘What is
the matter with you, Edward; are you not well? I declare, your face is
very pale
’

“‘I must have exerted myself a little too much while working among the
flowers
 I guess a little rest in this delightful shade will soon effect
a cure
’

“‘See here, Edward,’ she exclaimed, as she fixed her beautiful eyes on
me, ‘you are attempting to do that which you ought to know you cannot
accomplish
’

“‘How is that?’

“‘You are endeavoring to deceive me, which it is high time you were
learning you cannot do
 If you do not immediately proceed to inform me
what has happened to distress you, I shall at once conclude that your
professions of love for me are nothing more than sounding brass and
tinkling cymbals
 I knew as soon as I laid my eyes on you this morning
that your mind was disturbed about something; and then I must remind you
of the fact that I am a first-class mind-reader, and if you refuse to
disgorge, I shall at once make a revelation that will startle you
’

“I began to dodge the question by an attempt to change the subject, but
she gently placed her hand over my mouth


“‘Not another word shall you utter until you make up your mind to tell
me the whole truth--I have a presentiment that our bright sky is about
to be obscured by lowering clouds--an invisible influence has been
working on my mind, whispering ominous tales of approaching misfortunes

Our smooth sea is soon to be ruffled, and it is high time for us to set
about trimming our sails so as to be ready for the storm which I fear is
soon to burst upon us
’

“I proceeded to give her a minute history of the mysterious
communications which had so disturbed and annoyed me
 I noticed that the
charming color of the rose that beautified her cheeks gradually
disappeared as I imparted the mysterious news to her, and her hand
slightly trembled as she attempted to arrange a bouquet from a quantity
of flowers which she had gathered
 ‘Now, Lottie, what do you think it
all means?’

“‘I will answer you in real Yankee fashion
 Do you know of any person
who bears malice or ill-will toward you?’

“‘No
’

“‘Have you had any misunderstanding or quarrel with any man lately?’

“‘No
’

“‘Have you had any legal entanglements which could cause any one to
dislike you?’

“‘No
’

“‘Then it is a joke that some mischievous person is endeavoring to
practice on you in order to have a laugh among his friends at your
expense
 Let us put our trust in God, and pray to Him for help, and all
will be well--let us remember the instructions given by our great
Redeemer in regard to prayer
 He said: “When thou prayest enter into thy
closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in
secret, and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly
”
Now, Edward, I have faith in that precious promise, and if we will pray
earnestly in secret, we will come out unscathed in the end--will you do
it?

“‘Yes, I promise you I will, Heaven being my helper
’

“‘Very good; then let our unknown adversaries do their worst, we will
triumph at last
’

“‘Lottie, you are a real philosopher, and I would give any consideration
to be like you
’

“‘Perhaps I am; but I see our dinner coming now, and if you have no
objections, we will pay our respects to it, for I am very hungry
 Take
your seat on the other side of the table, and help me to a plate of
soup
’

“‘Lottie, I have a serious question to ask you, and I want you to
reflect well and then give me a candid answer; for something tells me
that some great misfortune is going to overtake me
’

“‘Let me help your plate to a slice of this venison--it looks very
tempting; there, now, be so good as to pass the salad over this way;
what were you about to say just now?’

“I could plainly see that she was making an effort to conceal her
dreadful apprehensions by keeping up a conversation about one thing
while her thoughts were on another


“‘I was about to propound a very serious question to you, but I guess I
had better wait until you finish your dinner, as it is very plain that I
shall not have your attention sooner
’

“‘Please hand me the oysters, and then go ahead with your question; and
mind you do not turn it into a philosophical lecture
’

“‘Lottie, have you unlimited confidence in my honor?’

“‘Are you fond of stewed squirrel; try some of it--I think it is very
nice; as to confidence, I would swear by you if it were not sinful
 You
know the good book forbids us to swear by anything--hold your goblet
over here and let me give you some milk--I think your honor is
first-class--won’t you have a piece of chicken--as to your integrity, it
is good, middling--any other questions you wish to ask?’

“‘See here, Lottie, this may be the last dinner that you and I ever will
eat together; in fact, I am afraid that it will, and we must have a
serious talk before we part
’

“The goblet which she attempted to hand to me fell on the table and
broke into fragments


“‘There now, Edward, see what I have done--and you are responsible for
it, because you have frightened me with your evil prophecies
’

“‘I am truly sorry that I have been so unfortunate as to disturb your
equanimity, but we had better discuss this matter now
 I am impressed
with the belief that a deep-laid scheme is on foot, originated and
worked by some unknown enemy of mine, the object of which is to create a
breach between you and me
 If, therefore, you hear any evil reports
about me, I want you to make a solemn promise that you will grant me an
opportunity to put in my defense before you venture to condemn me
’

“‘Edward, I have a notion to give you a downright good scolding--do you
think any earthly power could shake my confidence in you? I would sooner
distrust myself
’

“‘Thank you, Lottie, and if ever I give you just cause to withdraw your
confidence from me, may Providence forsake me, Heaven disown me, and the
world despise me
’

“‘I have no apprehensions on that score; I think I am acquainted with
the nobility of your soul--at all events, I am not afraid to risk my
destiny on the accuracy of my judgment
’

“‘Lottie, if it is sinful to worship any mortal being, then I plead
guilty; but while I worship you, it has a tendency to increase my
thankfulness to God
’

“‘Edward, love me as much as you please, but do not forget your
obligations to the great Creator--honor and love Him above all things

There is no real happiness on earth save that which is sanctioned and
purified through God’s holy will
 But come, we have rested long
enough--let us go to work, else we will not have time to finish before
night
’

“Lottie kept me very busy until the sun went down, and then taking me by
the arm, she led me to a rustic bench in the magnolia grove


“‘Now, sir, you may sit down and rest, while I arrange this bouquet for
you; I think you have done a very good day’s work
’

“‘Yes, and I demand my wages--in the first place, here is a beautiful
lock of golden hair that has strayed off from its companions; and as it
looks so lonesome wandering about by itself, I shall take the liberty to
cut it off and put it my bosom
’

“‘Take it if you wish, and as many more as you want; but how are you
going to cut it?’

“I clipped off the pretty straggler with my pocket-knife, and hid it in
my bosom, then held her to my heart for a moment, and hurried home, with
a soul surcharged with indescribable happiness
”

Just as Ingomar finished the sentence, one of the seedy men walked
forward, confronting the queen, bowed very low, and taking from his
breast pocket a large paper with a huge red seal and a blue ribbon
attached to it, gave a grunt and a slight cough, and addressed her as
follows:

“I humbly crave your Majesty’s pardon, as I fear that I shall be so
unfortunate as to interfere with your amusements
 The fact is, madame, I
am under the necessity of performing an unpleasant duty, but it must be
discharged
 We officers of the law are very frequently called upon to
perform services, in the name of the State, of an unpleasant nature
 We
have postponed this matter as long as the character of the case will
justify
 Myself and Mr
 Peniwinkle are peace officers, regularly
commissioned
 We have the honor to hold in our possession a
proclamation, or, more properly speaking, a requisition, from the
Governor of Mississippi on the Governor of Tennessee, demanding the
delivery to us of the body of one escaped murderer
 Our papers, as you
may see, are all properly authenticated, as the law directs
 His
Excellency the Governor of Tennessee, has issued his warrant, and we
here offer to show it
”

Then turning to Ingomar, who appeared perfectly composed, he said:

“Mr
 Ingomar, or Demar, or whoever you are, we arrest you in the name of
the State of Mississippi, under a warrant we have here now
 You will
consider yourself as our prisoner
”

Then taking a pair of handcuffs from his pocket, he made a move as if to
fasten them on Ingomar’s wrists


“Look to the queen,” cried Scottie; “she is falling
”

Ingomar caught her in time to prevent the fall, and carried her down to
her state-room
 He then returned to the deck, where the officers were,
and addressed them:

“Now, sir, I am ready to settle this little matter with you
 In the
first place, you will oblige me by tossing those handcuffs into the
river; and you had better be quick about it, else I shall put you in
along with them
”

The officer was a very small man
 Ingomar looked like a huge Colossus as
his tall, handsome person towered above the little officer, who began to
tremble with fear as he cast an imploring look up into his face


“My dear sir,” began the officer in a tremulous voice, “you don’t mean
to defy the law, I hope? We are nothing but humble representatives of
the law, modestly attempting to discharge a simple duty
”

“Will you throw those handcuffs into the river? or would you prefer to
go in yourself? I give you two seconds to decide
”

The little man threw the irons into the river instantly


“Now, sir,” said Ingomar, “you may consider me your prisoner, if you
wish it, and I will accompany you anywhere you may want me to go; but if
you have any more irons about you, I advise you to send them after the
others without delay
”

Mr
 Peniwinkle then took another pair of handcuffs from his pocket and
tossed them overboard


“Now, gentlemen, you may take seats here, if you like, and listen to the
remainder of a little story which I have been relating for the amusement
of my friends
 I can finish it by the time we reach Vicksburg; then I
will be pleased to go with you to Jackson, Mississippi, to answer any
demands which the law may require of me
”

Then turning to Ivanhoe, he said:

“Be so kind as to go down and escort the queen up, and inform her that
her friends are anxiously awaiting her presence, so that our amusements
may be resumed
”

Ivanhoe returned in a few moments, with the queen leaning on his arm

She was weeping bitterly, and it was plain to see that the shock had
considerably shaken her nerves
 Ivanhoe handed her to a seat, when
Ingomar said:

“I am exceedingly sorry that your Majesty should have been disturbed by
what has just occurred; but I beg to assure you that there is no cause
for alarm on the part of my good friends whatever
 This affair for
which I am now under arrest is by no means new to me, and I don’t feel
in the least annoyed by it
 The only cause of regret is that your
Majesty should have been troubled by it; but it need not interrupt the
thread of my little story, which I am now ready to take up, as soon as
you may signify your pleasure
”

The queen was so much distressed by the occurrence just related that she
was unable to utter a word
 Tears were still falling rapidly from her
eyes, while her hand trembled as she made a sign to Ingomar to proceed





CHAPTER XXII



The arrest of Ingomar had the effect to cast a gloom over the entire
party, who were beginning to feel deeply interested in his history
 All
were seated in a circle round the queen, waiting in silence to hear what
was to be said next
 The queen was making a desperate effort to conceal
her emotions, but without effect
 The two officers sat staring at each
other, evidently very much embarrassed, while Ingomar was the only one
who appeared calm and unconcerned
 The mysterious lady in the black
domino was leaning on the arm of the old gentleman with the long white
beard
 She seemed to be anxiously watching the two officers and Ingomar,
while she stood near the corner of the pilot house, about thirty feet
from where the queen and her party were seated
 The strange conduct of
the lady in the black domino had excited the curiosity of every
passenger on the boat, and when Ingomar was arrested under a charge of
willful murder it was hard to tell which feeling had the upper hand,
curiosity or indignation
 If Ingomar had intimated a wish to have the
two officers put ashore in a canebrake it would have been done; in fact,
Ivanhoe made a proposition to that effect, but Ingomar wouldn’t hear to
it


“No, my friends, it is my wish that these two officers should be treated
with the utmost courtesy; they are only executing the process which the
law has placed in their hands; but I would beg to admonish them that
handcuffs are not made for gentlemen
 The law considers all men
innocent until their guilt is established; and, as I have already
stated, this case is by no means unfamiliar to me
 It is really a part
of the little story which I have been telling; and I promise to tell you
all about it before I am done
 I guess I can easily conclude the
narrative by the time we shall reach Vicksburg; but I must relate
circumstances and incidents in the order in which they introduced
themselves into my story
 About three weeks after I had departed from
Vicksburg (where I had gone, as I have heretofore stated, to hunt up
certain facts which Lottie thought were necessary,) the grand jury
returned into the criminal court a true bill against Viola Bramlett,
charging her with willful murder, and the day for the trial was agreed
on
 Mr
 Rockland had made the necessary arrangements with the
attorney-general, who was quite a young man, but possessed a high order
of intellect
 He was a good lawyer, but differed from other prosecuting
attorneys in one respect
 Nearly all State attorneys imagine that it is
their duty to prosecute with a vengeance every unfortunate creature
against whom a bill may be found
 But attorney-general Quillet was ever
ready to enter a _nolle prosequi_ when the proof justified it
 I was
overwhelmed with astonishment one morning to see Harry Wallingford come
walking into my office, looking like a corpse
 His beard was long and
uneven; the hair on his head tangled and unsightly; his clothes were
soiled and hung loosely about his body; and his face had no signs of
blood in it; his eyes were sunk deep in their sockets, and had a wild,
restless stare about them
 He held out his thin, bony hand as he dropped
into a chair, like one who was very tired


“‘What on earth caused you to return so soon, Harry?’ I inquired


“‘My uncle was dead when I reached California, and had willed all his
property to his business partner
 The will had been presented, proved
and probated before I arrived; consequently I had nothing to detain me,
so I set out for home; and here I am, as poor as Lazarus, broken down in
mind and body, and desperate enough to commit suicide if it was not
cowardly to do it
 Tell me the news, Ed; though mind you, I am not
prepared for good news--I could not bear it; but if you have anything
very unpleasant, please let me hear it
’

“‘I beg you will not talk that way--you horrify me
 I have no bad
news--at least, nothing worse than you have already heard
 The day for
the trial is fixed, and Lottie is still hopeful; but you know she is by
nature sanguine
 So far as my own views are concerned, I am frank to say
that I am not at all hopeful
 When I talk to Lottie she inspires me with
hope; but when I talk with Dabbs and Tadpoddle, they extinguish all

They have both been required to enter into recognizance for their
appearance as witnesses against Viola
 Mr
 Rockland and Doctor Dodson
have determined to enter a plea of insanity; and then if she is not
acquitted, they are confident that they can induce the Governor to grant
a pardon
 The Governor was here a few weeks ago and spent the night with
Mr
 Rockland
 When Lottie was introduced to him he was perfectly
fascinated with her; and she very adroitly managed to induce the
Governor to go with her to the jail next morning
 She succeeded in
persuading him to be introduced to Miss Bramlett, and he expressed great
solicitude for her--praised Lottie very much, and when he left he
intimated a wish to see Miss Bramlett come out of her troubles
unscathed
 I have no doubt that he will pardon Viola if she is found
guilty
 But, by the by, Harry, how came your uncle to will all his money
to his partner, after having promised to give it to you?’

“‘Indeed, I don’t know; the fact is, I have quit trying to investigate
the causes of things of late
 I was not at all surprised when I was told
that such a will had been made
 The will was made several years ago; and
it is possible that my uncle may have contemplated the making of another
one in my favor; but his death was very sudden, and wholly unexpected

He had been in declining health, but his condition was considered by no
means critical; he was seized with paralysis, and was totally
unconscious until death ensued
 His fortune was a very large one,
supposed to be several hundred thousands, consisting of cash, mining and
bank stocks
 The will was witnessed by three reputable men, and there
was no ground to doubt its proper execution
 I took the advice of able
lawyers--had them to investigate the case--and they told me that it
would be folly to attempt to overthrow the will
’

“‘What a pity it was you did not start there when your uncle first wrote
requesting you to come
’

“‘What a pity it was that such a wretch as I was ever born
’

“‘Harry, don’t talk so; let us hope for brighter days
’

“‘Hope and I have long since parted company, and Misfortune rules the
roost with me now
 The goddess of fortune is supposed to be blind, but
that is a grand mistake, else how could she throw her darts with such
unerring aim at my poor carcass?’

“‘Harry, you have met with many disappointments, I admit, but you know
the sun always shines brighter after a storm; and I believe if you will
put your trust in God, do your duty with a brave heart, and command your
passions, you will secure happiness yet
’

“‘Don’t lecture me, Ed--I can’t bear it; I have committed many errors, I
confess, but it is too late to mend the matter now
 The truth is, I am
nothing but a walking bulk of errors anyway, and the sooner I die, the
better it will be for the living
’

“‘Dear Harry, you distress me beyond measure by talking so; it shows a
lack of courage--a disposition to shrink from trouble when it comes
’

“‘No doubt you think so; it is very easy to philosophize about other
people’s troubles; but let the whirlwind sweep away all your hopes of
happiness and dash you down to the very lowest pit of despair, then you
would talk differently
 You love Lottie, I know
’

“‘Ah, Harry, I adore her, I worship her--she is the light of my
existence--the delight of my soul--my very heart’s idol--my angel, my
Heaven, my all
’

“‘Very well; suppose she were to betray you, and sink into a slough of
infamy as deep as that in which Viola has sunk--could you then lecture
so eloquently on patience and hope?’

“‘I beseech you not to talk that way; it sounds like a sacrilege to me

You don’t state a supposable case
 My Lottie is as pure as an angel in
Heaven
’

“‘So I was foolish enough to think about Viola
 I had as much faith in
her as you have in Lottie
 I loved her as well as it is possible for you
to love my sister
 I believe God has sent this awful curse upon me for
worshiping one of his creatures instead of Him
 Don’t talk to me about
the honesty of women
 How could you expect me to have faith in them,
since Viola’s fall? Ed, I am not a murderer at heart, but that damnable
villain, Bowles, must be punished
 If he will fight me, he shall have a
fair chance; if not, he must take the consequences
 You know he first
insulted Lottie, and I knocked him down with a stick for it
 He then
swore he would have revenge, if he took a life-time to get it
 And when
he found out that I loved Viola, he began to invent schemes to ruin her,
and you know the result, alas
 too well
 He is a shrewd, calculating,
cold-hearted villain, and I dare say no girl left like Viola,
unprotected, could withstand his devilish plans
 I will do Viola the
justice to say that I still think she was virtuous; but what can a poor
orphan girl do when such a cruel villain as Bowles arrays his plans for
her destruction? Druggists will compound medicines for money that will
steal away the thinking faculties of the brain, and when that is done,
the victory is easily won
 How is it that our laws will allow such a
villain to march in triumph over the ruined hopes of honest men? But
enough of this, Ed
 I’ll settle with Mr
 Bowles
’

“‘Harry, you certainly don’t mean to challenge him, do you?’

“‘That is exactly what I mean to do; and if he refuses to fight, then I
shall punish him as he deserves
’

“‘Are you willing to violate the laws of the land? Are you not aware of
the fact that it is made murder by our laws to kill a man in a duel?’

“‘A curse on the law that protects the villain who destroys the
confiding, innocent orphan girl, as Bowles has destroyed poor Viola
 A
double curse on the law that protects such a sneaking, cowardly villain

No, Ed, it is no use to discuss this matter, because my mind is made
up
’

“‘Don’t you know that the code of honor, as some men call it, is no
longer considered the code of honor?’

“‘I know that Henry Clay fought his duel with John Randolph, of
Roanoke
 I know that Commodore Barron killed Commodore Decatur in a
duel
 General Jackson killed Dixon in a duel
 Prentiss wounded Foote in
a duel
 General Sam Houston shot General White in a duel
 I know that
General Albert Sidney Johnson shot his man in a duel
 Aaron Burr killed
Alexander Hamilton in a duel
 I know that Chambers killed Lake in a
duel
 The world did not condemn these men for fighting duels, and why
should it single me out as an especial object for condemnation?’

“‘Well, Harry, you can’t deny making me a solemn promise that you would
not seek a quarrel with Bowles until after Viola’s trial
’

“‘I believe I did make such a promise; but I trust you will release me
from it, as things have changed so greatly since it was made
’

“‘No, you must wait until after the trial, and then I will withdraw all
objections to your management of Bowles
’

“‘On one condition, I will renew the promise
’

“‘What’s that?’

“‘You are to agree not to interfere with me and my plans for a
settlement with Bowles after Viola’s trial is over
’

“‘I make the promise on those terms
 Now you had better go home, change
your dress and seek rest, for you appear greatly wearied
’

“He left my office then with an unsteady step, and I did not see him any
more that day
 Another source of trouble now began to lower in my
pathway
 Coming from an unexpected direction, so far as it affected me
individually, it was greater than any I had ever before experienced

Trouble divested of mystery may be endured, but when it takes us by
surprise, and we feel the blow, but know not who dealt it, it is
somewhat hard to bear
 Such was the blow that fell on me
 I could feel
it, but couldn’t see it
 An impenetrable cloud of mystery began to
gather around me, mixing itself up with all matters in which I was
interested
 Something near two hundred yards east of Mr
 Rockland’s
residence, and on the same side of the street, was a small, two-story
brick dwelling-house, situated in the middle of a small inclosure,
containing, I suppose, about a quarter of an acre of ground
 The plot of
land was inclosed with pine plank, not over three and a half feet high

That part of the lot which lay in front of the house, constituting the
front yard, was thickly set with short, untrimmed shrubbery, while the
other had been used as a vegetable garden
 There were only four rooms in
the house, two in the lower and two in the upper story, and a narrow
hall separated the two lower rooms; a pair of steep stairs commenced on
the lower floor near the door and ended on the back side of the house,
on the upper floor
 The building itself stood in a low, flat place,
surrounded with rising ground on all sides, and particularly in the
rear, where a tall bluff rose up fully as high as the top of the house

The low, marshy ground where the building was located, and the unsightly
surroundings, rendered it very undesirable as a residence; I suppose it
was owing to this fact that it was most of the time unoccupied
 There
were no locks to the doors, and the house had for a long time been
uninhabited, save by some lonely tramp who now and then sought a night’s
lodging in it


“‘I have thought it expedient to give a minute description of this
dismal old house, because it has somewhat to do with my history
 About
the time Harry returned from California, a rumor began to circulate
among the negroes (who are by nature very superstitious) to the effect
that the house was haunted by ghostly visitors every night
 Of course
this story was not believed by any except very ignorant persons; but the
matter began to attract some attention, nevertheless, because those who
did not believe in ghosts were of the opinion that perhaps the house was
being used by thieves and counterfeiters
 At any rate, it was very
certain that one of the upper rooms was occupied every night by some
one, for a dim light was often seen gliding about the apartment
 This
mysterious circumstance was the usual topic of conversation among Mr

Rockland’s servants
 The coachman was an old, gray-headed negro named
Zack
 He was as full of superstitions as he could be crammed, and he
vowed that he had seen a ghost, all robed in white, with long, black
hair streaming down her back, and a face as white as snow
 One evening I
met Harry in the street, not very far from the mysterious house; he cast
on me an inquiring look, and spoke as if irritated about something


“‘What woman is that who is staying in that old brick house?’

“‘How should I know?’

“‘I don’t ask you how you know, but I demand a sensible answer
’

“I was thunderstruck by his manner, for it was evident that he was very
much enraged about something


“‘Why do you not make me an answer?’ he again demanded, his voice still
rising with anger


“‘Really, Harry, upon my word of honor I don’t know,’ I replied mildly


“‘I don’t believe you, sir,’ he exclaimed as he stamped his foot on the
ground
 ‘Be cautious how you attempt to deceive me--I am not in the
humor to be fooled with by anybody now
’

“‘Harry, I implore you, tell me what you mean?’

“‘Don’t you be uneasy about what I mean; you shall know to your sorrow
ere long, or my name is not Harry Wallingford
 I am not such a simpleton
as you have imagined, as you’ll find out one of these days
 I am not a
coward, nor am I a bully, but under certain circumstances I would kill a
man
 I am heartily sick of these sentimental hypocrites who pretend to
be a man’s friend when before his face, but sneak round and stab him in
the dark
’

“‘Harry, are you mad?’

“‘No; but I would to Heaven I were; then I could not see and know of the
corruption and villainy that boils and bubbles up on every hand
 We are
in the very middle of a deep sea of treachery and corruption
 I thought
I had one honest friend; but alas
 it was all a mistake, no one will do
to trust; they are all hypocrites
’

“‘Harry, you do me grievous wrong to say that; for I swear by everything
I hold sacred that never have I, either by word, thought or deed,
intentionally injured you
 I call upon you in the name of our old
friendship--I ask you as a man of honor--I pray you in the name of dear
Lottie, whom we both love--I ask in the name of our dead mother--nay, I
ask in the name of God, for an explanation of this unmerited insult
which you have thrust upon me
’

“‘I warn you now, sir, that I will not permit you to speak of my dear
sister Lottie
 She is not for such as you, and the sooner you realize
the fact the better it will be for you
 It shall be my business to
protect her; and you may be sure I am able and willing to do it
 If ever
I see you in my sister’s company again, you will hear it thunder louder
than you ever heard it before
 I give you fair notice now; and if you
value your life, let me advise you not to forget what I am saying
 I
know you are ready with an explanation, but your oily tongue won’t save
you in this instance
’

“‘Harry, do you mean what you say? Don’t you know that it would kill me
to give Lottie up? You would not have our engagement broken off, would
you?’

“‘It seems that you are rather dull of comprehension to-day
 I thought
my language was exceedingly plain
 Didn’t I tell you that my sister was
not for your sort? How could I use language less ambiguous?’

“My ire was now roused to the highest pitch, and I made a desperate
struggle to smooth it down
 To some extent I succeeded, but not
entirely


“‘I never will surrender my claims to Lottie--never, never
 If all the
black imps from the infernal regions, with Satan at their head, were
here to oppose me, I would not yield my just claim to her hand
’

“‘I am truly glad to hear you talk with so much spirit and
determination, because I was afraid that you were cowardly
 I know how
to manage a brave man, but a coward puzzles me; therefore, we’ll see
whether you marry my sister or not
 There are honest gentlemen in this
city, worthy in all respects, who love her, and, when I want her to
marry, she can find a husband who won’t betray her
’

“‘In Heaven’s name, what have I done?’

“‘I have no more business with you just now, sir
 You will oblige me by
going about yours, if you have any; if, however, you have no business,
you had better go, anyway, as I am done with you for the present
’

“Harry waved his hand haughtily for me to leave, and I thought I had to
oblige him
 I never had seen him in such a terrible passion before
 Of
all the troubles that I had ever encountered, this was by long odds, the
greatest
 To think that Harry Wallingford, the only brother of my
betrothed bride, was becoming my deadly enemy, caused my heart almost
to die within my breast
 Hadn’t we been bosom friends from early
boyhood? Hadn’t we endured our sorrows together, and enjoyed our
triumphs jointly? Wouldn’t I risk my life, and everything else, to serve
him? What had I done to justify the application of such insults to me?
As I walked toward my office I felt more depressed than I ever had felt
before
 Something whispered in my mind a horrible tale of woes to come

I knew that some sneaking villain had been at work, but as to who he was
or what he had done, I was totally ignorant
 I thought it best to go and
see Lottie at once
 I then turned my steps in the direction of Mr

Rockland’s residence, hoping to have an interview with Lottie before she
saw her brother, but I was too late
 Harry had been with her for over an
hour before I arrived, and I did not know what communications he had
made to her until a long time afterward
 If I had been advised in that
respect, an ocean of trouble might have been avoided
 Lottie met me at
the front gate and led me into her flower garden
 The moment my eyes
looked upon her I discovered that something serious had occurred
 It was
plain to be seen she had been weeping


“‘For Heaven’s sake, Eddie,’ she whispered, as she took my arm, ‘don’t
go into the house
 Harry is there, and in such a passion as I never
witnessed before, and I pray Heaven I never shall again
 What on earth
have you done to offend him?’

“‘Nothing whatever, that I am aware of
 I met him in the street a short
while ago, and he abused me terribly, swore that I never should marry
his sister, and threatened to kill me if ever he saw me in your company
again
’

“‘Oh, Eddie, go quickly; yonder he comes now; he is crazy with poison;
keep out of his way until he is in a condition to listen to reason
’

“I would have obeyed Lottie by leaving at once, but it was too late; for
Harry was within twenty paces of us before she saw him
 He was walking
rapidly toward me, while his eyes glared with anger


“‘I suspected you would disregard the warning I gave you, though I had
no idea you would have the boldness to do it so soon; but this is as
good a chance to settle the matter as one could wish
 Take that for your
impudence, you hypocritical sneak
’

“And before the words were uttered, he slapped me on the mouth with his
open hand
 I raised my arm to strike him, but Lottie caught me:

“‘Don’t strike him, Eddie; he don’t know what he is doing
’

“My arm fell harmless by my side; and if he had given me a dozen blows
then, I could not have resented it
 How could I have the heart to strike
my darling’s brother when her eloquent tongue was pleading his case? If
it had been any other man, I should have pounded him half to death, but
he was Lottie’s only brother, and she loved him, and that was enough
 I
resolved then and there that I never would hurt him, no matter what he
might do
 I could have tied him without an effort, because he was a mere
skeleton, anyway


“‘Oh, brother, has it come to this?’ exclaimed Lottie, as she stood
trembling and weeping between us
 ‘How could you have the heart to
strike our Eddie? How could you be so cruel as to strike those lips that
have uttered so many kind words to you? Have you forgotten the fact that
I owe my life to those lips which are now smarting from your cruel
blow?’

“‘Lottie,’ screamed Harry, as he seized her by the arm and dashed her
back roughly against the wall of the summer-house, ‘don’t you know that
Ed Demar is a deceitful coward who has betrayed you?’

“‘No, no
 ten thousand times no
’ replied the dear girl, as the tears
streamed down her cheeks
 ‘If God ever created an honest man, it is my
Eddie
 Don’t I know him? Haven’t I been with him through sorrow and
through joy; and don’t I know his honest heart? No, brother Harry, no
one can shake my confidence in him--nothing ever shall make me doubt
him
’

“‘I tell you, sister, you must and shall cease to receive visits from
that deceitful wretch; when I tell you he is a traitor to you, I only
say that which I know of my own knowledge, I only inform you of what I
beheld with my own eyes
 This is no hearsay evidence; this is no report
of a detective; but it is a fact I beheld myself
’

“‘Dear brother, I beg you to hush; you are laboring under some
unaccountable delusion; your trouble has been so great that it has
clouded your judgment
 You know that no sister ever loved a dear brother
as I love you
 I am sure that you would not tell a willful falsehood
under any circumstances; but I implore you to let this matter drop for
the present
 Wait until you have time for reflection
 It is so easy to
commit irreparable errors--so easy to do things that cannot be undone

Listen to your devoted sister, won’t you?’

“‘If you will drive that cowardly sneak from my sight I promise you to
let the matter drop for the present; but if he remains here another
moment, I cannot answer for the consequences
’

“‘Please leave us now, Eddie,’ said Lottie, as she laid her hand on my
arm, and cast on me an imploring look
 Leave him with me until I can
pacify him, and then I will send for you, when he will hear an
explanation
 You have not betrayed me, have you, Eddie?’

“‘Before high Heaven, I answer, No
’

“‘I believe you, and will always trust you
’

“‘What are you whispering to that hypocrite for? Why don’t you order him
to leave here as I have directed? You had better not tax my patience too
far
’

“I thought it best to leave him with Lottie, hoping that she would be
able to keep him quiet until his better judgment should come to his
assistance
 As I made my way toward my office, I began to ponder over
what had occurred, and you may be sure that my thoughts were anything
but pleasant
 My cheeks burned with indignation when I thought of the
blow I had received, and I felt my self-respect leaving me
 I began to
feel that I had acted cowardly in submitting to such treatment
 Who but
an arrant coward would have quietly taken such an insult from mortal
man? Then on the other hand, I argued the case thus: How could I strike
the brother of Lottie, when I know how dearly she loves him? Did she not
beg me not to return the blow? How could I do anything against her wish?
Then I thought of his feeble health, and the great troubles he had
endured, and finally satisfied myself that I had acted right in not
punishing him
 But the mystery in which the whole affair was clothed
puzzled and perplexed me; and the more I discussed the matter in my
mind, the greater grew my curiosity
 Could it be possible that Harry was
laboring under a mental hallucination? or was some enemy of mine at work
to undermine me? Could it be that Mr
 Heartsell was at work in secret to
turn Lottie against me, in order to secure the prize himself? Those
questions, and a thousand others of a similar character, came trooping
across my mind, until my brain seemed to be on fire
 The course that
Lottie had pursued had the effect to counterbalance the influence that
the other circumstances were producing
 She refused to distrust me, and
I believed that they never would be able to shake her confidence in me

I felt that I could endure any amount of misery so long as she was my
friend and remained true to me


“I must now tell you of an event that had transpired on the night before
the rupture between Harry and myself--a thing about which I was not
informed until a long time after it happened
 It was not until after the
great mischief had been done that I was advised of its cause
 If I had
been informed at the proper time, irreparable misfortunes could have
been prevented
 But perhaps I had better proceed to tell what it was
that had enraged Harry against me
 Early on the morning of the day
previous to that on which he had insulted and struck me, Mr
 Heartsell
called to see him, stating that he had some private communications to
make to him
 They went into the summer-house and took seats on the
wooden bench--the very spot where Lottie first promised to be my wife


“‘Mr
 Wallingford,’ began Mr
 Heartsell, as soon as they were seated,
‘the communication which I propose to make will not be pleasant for you
to hear, yet I honestly believe it is my duty to tell you
 Of course you
are aware of the relations heretofore existing between myself and your
charming sister
 I loved her very devotedly, and, as you know, asked her
to marry me, but she declined, very candidly informing me that she loved
Doctor Demar
 The frank manner in which she answered my offer of
marriage, and the courteous manner in which she treated me, rather
increased my affection for her
 To be more plain, I still love your
sister, and would make any sacrifice to secure her happiness
 I had
reconciled myself to my fate, and was willing to bear my disappointment
with becoming fortitude so long as I had reason to hope that your sister
would be happy
 But when I became convinced that she was about to marry
a man who was unworthy of her--a man who (to say the least) is a
hypocritical scoundrel, I determined to make known to you what I had
discovered
 Edward Demar is either married to another woman, or he is
living with her unlawfully
’

“‘Mr
 Heartsell, I would not believe such a story if you were to bring a
dozen men to swear it
 I have known Ed Demar from boyhood to this day,
and if he is not an honest man, I must confess that there are none
’

“‘I did not expect you to believe it, for, to be candid with you, I
would not have believed it myself had I not seen it with my own eyes
 I
can readily understand the fact that such confidence as you have placed
in Demar is very hard to shake, but you can see for yourself, if you
think enough of your sister’s happiness to induce you to do it
’

“‘How do you mean that I may see for myself?’

“‘Ed Demar brought a beautiful woman with him from Philadelphia, and as
I have already told you, she is either his wife or his mistress--I don’t
know which
 He has her hidden in that old brick house, just over yonder,
in that flat
 She has lately been moved in that house; he had her
concealed in another part of the city, but he has lately moved her to
that old building
 I think they are making arrangements to elope, as I
have overheard some of their conversations
 He is to visit her to-night
at ten o’clock; and if you wish to satisfy yourself as to the truth of
my statements, I will go with you to a spot where you can see with your
own eyes
’

“‘Heartsell,’ said Harry, as he rose from his seat, his eyes flashing
with anger, ‘if you have slandered Demar, I will take your life--and if
he has betrayed my sister, I’ll kill him
’

“‘Very good; you may take my life and welcome, if you find my statement
false
 Will you go with me to-night, so as to make the test as to who is
to be killed?’

“‘Yes, I will; but I despise to play the spy or eavesdropper
’

“‘So do I--so does any gentleman; but how can you catch a traitor
without doing it?’

“‘True, true
 but where shall we meet?’

“‘Here, at this very spot; meet me here at 9:30, and you shall be
convinced
 By the by, let us compare our time, so as to make no
mistake
’

“After the two watches were compared and set with each other, Heartsell
took his leave, while Harry sat immovable and silent, with a mind full
of gloomy thoughts: Could it be true that Edward Demar was the
treacherous hypocrite Heartsell represented him to be? His heart
fluttered with emotions of anger when he thought of the effect such a
blow would have on Lottie
 Harry loved Lottie with all his heart, and
woe to the man who dared to betray her
 Harry was at the rendezvous
promptly, and had only been there a few moments when he saw Heartsell
approaching


“‘How long have you been here, Wallingford?’ inquired Heartsell as he
approached


“‘Only a moment,’ was the whispered reply


“‘Speak low, Heartsell, my sister is in the garden, and I don’t want her
to know anything about this business
’

“‘Alas, Wallingford, she will hear it soon enough, Heaven knows
’

“‘Yes, and it will be a fearful blow to her, indeed; for she loves Demar
devotedly; but I cannot believe he is the treacherous scoundrel you
think he is
’

“‘I did not believe it either until I was forced to; but come, it is
time we were going
’

“‘I feel ashamed of myself, Heartsell
’

“‘Why?’

“‘Because this is the first time I ever did anything on the sly; I think
we are engaged in a very small business
’

“‘If you love your sister, how can you consider it a small business to
take steps to rescue her from the clutches of an unworthy villain?’

“‘Of course not, but these steps ought to be taken openly and not in the
dark
’

“‘True enough; but don’t they always employ detectives to catch the
thief?’

“‘Yes; the best detectives are the shrewdest thieves
’

“While this conversation was progressing, Harry and his companion were
walking quietly toward the gloomy old house--their arms locked in each
other
 The moon was struggling through the clouds that were moving
briskly from the south toward the north, every now and then coming out
between them and spreading a temporary light over the earth


“‘This is a most favorable night for our business, Wallingford,’
observed Heartsell, as the moon darted out between the two dark clouds,
lighting up the road nearly as bright as day


“‘Why so?’

“‘Because we will be able to see all we wish
’

“‘What do you mean? You talk is if it would afford you pleasure to
witness the downfall of Demar
’

“‘Pshaw
 Wallingford, you don’t know me; I merely meant to say that it
was a favorable night to detect this rascal in his treachery
 I assure
you I should be gratified to find it all a mistake
’

“‘It seems to me impossible for it to be anything else but a mistake;
and I feel my cheeks burning with shame--I feel degraded at the
underhanded, sneaking course we are pursuing
’

“‘I don’t doubt it; I can readily understand the reason--you thought
your friend Demar was honest, and that his pretended love for your
sister was all reality; but wait a while, and see if you don’t change
your opinion of him
 By the way, here we are--that is the house
 We had
better turn off to the right, and take up our position back of the
building
 By standing on the bluff there we can observe what transpires
within, for there are several glasses broken out of the rear windows,
and this will enable us to get a full view of the interior
 Come this
way, Wallingford; we’ll hide ourselves behind this tree, where we will
be on a level with the second story, and in hearing distance of the
room
 By the way, there she is now, watching for him; speak very low,
else she will hear us; she is remarkably pretty; don’t you think so?’

“‘Yes, but she looks as pale as death, and appears to be very sad
’

“‘Ah, yes, poor lady, I dare say she has cause to be sad; no doubt she
has been betrayed by that scoundrel, and is now beginning to realize her
situation
 See
 she is preparing supper for some one
’

“‘Hush, Heartsell, I hear footsteps coming this way--listen, don’t you
hear them?’

“‘Yes, and, by the way, that is he, now; stand close behind this tree,
or he will see us, for he is coming directly toward us
 A plague on the
moon
 I wish it would get behind that cloud--I fear he will see us

Look
 she is coming down to meet him
 He is getting over the fence at
the corner yonder, and will pass within ten feet of us
 Now take a good
look at his face as he comes along this way, and tell me who he is
’

“‘That is Ed Demar, beyond all doubt
’

“‘Of course it is; but see, he has stopped, and seems to be watching for
some one
 Now he is moving this way again
 Hark
 what noise was that?’

“‘He made it with his cane by tapping on the plank fence
 I dare say it
was a signal to notify the woman of his arrival, for she is going out to
meet him
’

“‘Look, Wallingford, he has taken her in his arms
 How does that suit
you for a husband for your sister?’

“‘I’ll kill him, if they hang me as high as Haman for it
’

“‘Dear Eddie,’ exclaimed the woman as she threw herself into the man’s
arms, ‘what made you stay away so long? I have been lonesome and
miserable; I cannot endure this suspense much longer--it is killing me

When will you take me away from this horrible place, darling?’

“‘Within two or three days at farthest, my dear,’ was the reply, as he
pressed her again to his heart


“‘What would your sister think of this hypocritical scoundrel if she
knew what he was?’

“‘Don’t mention my sister’s name in connection with the double-faced
traitor; she shall not be annoyed with him any more, you may depend on
that; but hark
 he is speaking to her; let us listen
’

“‘Has any one been here to-day, Mollie?’ said the man as he led her into
the house


“‘No one has been in the house, but I saw a man standing on the bluff
there yesterday, and thought from his conduct he was watching the
premises
’

“‘I dare say he was, because I begin to suspect that we are watched; and
this makes me the more anxious to get away from here
’

“‘Come in, dear; I know you are hungry, and I have prepared you a nice
supper with my own hands
 I have made you a cup of strong tea, and
broiled you a mutton-chop
’

“‘You are very thoughtful, Mollie, and I consider myself eminently
blessed by your love--I feel that I am unworthy of such good fortune
 I
don’t think I could endure my troubles but for the sustaining influence
of your love and encouragement
’

“‘Oh, Eddie, if we could escape to some distant land where no one would
know us--where we could feel safe, how happy we should be
’

“‘Yes, darling, and that is precisely what I mean to do soon; I would do
it now, but there is an unfortunate little affair that detains me here,
though I will get it off my hands speedily
’

“As soon as the man had dispatched his supper the woman removed the
dishes and returned to where her lover sat, and began to play with his
long, shaggy hair
 It was evident from her conduct that she loved him
devotedly, for she ever and anon bent over and stamped a kiss on his
lips, while her long, black hair fell unconfined about his face


“‘Let us leave this place, Heartsell,’ whispered Harry; ‘I shall die
with disgust; I cannot command my feelings much longer
 Oh, what a shame
it is to see what I have beheld to-night
 I have often seen my sister
kiss that rascal’s lips and shower a thousand endearing expressions on
him
 He made her believe he loved her, and I have heard him swear by
everything sacred that he never cared for any other woman
 I don’t
believe it would be wrong to shoot him down like a dog, though I mean to
give him a chance for his life
 He or I must leave the world, and that
very soon
 Heartsell, Lottie must know of this affair
’

“‘Yes, I think it best to tell her everything
 Poor girl
 it will nearly
kill her; I deeply sympathize with her, and would freely lay down my
life to secure her happiness
’

“‘You shall marry her if you want her, because you have saved her
 I
think she will be guided by my wishes when she finds how she has been
deceived in that man
’

“‘Wallingford, if she would love me as she has loved that unworthy
scoundrel I would be the happiest man on earth
’

“‘She can’t fail to love you when she learns how you have worked to save
her; but come, we must go now; we can discuss that matter at another
time
’

“‘Wait a moment; they are drawing the curtains down--there, they have
put out the light
’

“Heartsell and Harry remained by the tree until after midnight; darkness
and silence pervaded the premises, and it was certain that the parties
had retired, when they turned and walked back to Mr
 Rockland’s


“‘Good-night, Wallingford,’ said Heartsell, ‘I’ll see you again early in
the morning
’

“‘Good night, Heartsell, don’t fail to come early
’

“Harry went to his room, but found it useless to try to sleep; therefore
he spent the night in arranging his plans for the morrow





CHAPTER XXIII



“I was in my office early the next morning after I had the difficulty
with Harry
 I had passed a sleepless night--a miserable, wretched night,
and was nervous and irritable when I arrived there
 I had not been at
the office five minutes when a little negro boy came hurriedly in and
handed me a letter
 I saw in an instant it was from Lottie; I broke the
envelope and read it eagerly:

     “‘DEAR EDDIE--For Heaven’s sake, keep out of Harry’s way to-day
 He
     is crazy with passion--refuses to listen to reason
 I have never
     known him to exhibit such ungovernable rage before
 He makes the
     most horrible charges against you, and swears he will kill you

     What on earth does it all mean? Poor boy
 he did not sleep a wink
     last night, but walked the floor all the time, muttering curses
     against you
 There is some awful secret at the bottom of it
     all--some strange mystery
 I fear some scheming enemy of yours has
     been planning your destruction
 By all means avoid a meeting with
     Harry until the matter can be investigated
 I was on my knees the
     live-long night, praying for you and my poor brother
 My reliance
     is on God, and let me beg you to trust in Him, too
 He will clear
     the dark clouds from our sky, if we put our faith in Him
 Harry is
     so different from what he used to be--so completely metamorphosed

     He used to be so gentle, so kind, always grieving for others’
     troubles, never thinking of himself--so devoted to you--so loving
     to me; but, alas
 what is he now? All passion--terrible
     passion--gloomy, irritable, suspicious, jealous and querulous; and,
     poor boy, I am afraid he is losing his reason
 I thought I was
     brave--I imagined no misfortune could overcome me, but this blow
     has been too heavy for me; this awful suspense is more than I can
     bear
 If you see stains on this sheet of paper, you know what made
     them
 My eyes have not been dry since the sad occurrences of
     yesterday
 They have been trying to make me believe my darling is
     untrue to me, but they never can do that--I am not a bit jealous--I
     think I know all the goodness of his noble heart, and I never shall
     believe that he would deceive me
 But I must close now, for my time
     is limited
 Again I beseech you not to meet Harry to-day
 Your
     true, faithful
     “‘LOTTIE
’

“I had scarcely finished reading Lottie’s letter when Mr
 Heartsell
walked into the office and, without speaking, handed me a note from
Harry
 If a bolt of thunder had knocked the roof off of the house over
my head, it would have startled me less than the contents of the note;
but I have it here now, and will read it to you,

     “‘DOCTOR EDWARD DEMAR:

     “‘SIR--Circumstances not necessary for me to mention have rendered
     it expedient for me to inform you that you and I can no longer live
     in the same city
 I will go further, and inform you that the time
     has come when you must answer for your dishonorable conduct
 If you
     have any sense of honor left, you will readily accord to me the
     only satisfaction that I require
 To be plain, I DEMAND that you
     name a time and place, without the limits of the State, when and
     where we can settle the matters of difference between us
 My
     friend, Heartsell, is authorized to arrange preliminaries with you,
     or any friend you may choose to represent you


     “‘Respectfully,

     “‘H
 WALLINGFORD
’

“‘Mr
 Heartsell,’ said I endeavoring to keep control of my feelings, ‘am
I to understand this as a challenge to fight a duel?’

“‘The language used is very plain, sir, and such was the intention of my
friend when he wrote it
’

“‘But I am opposed to the barbarous practice of dueling
 The laws of the
land prohibit it, public sentiment condemns it, and if I were not
opposed to dueling, I could not fight Harry Wallingford
 I would not
hurt him for everything in the world; and why should he wish to take my
life? I never injured him--I love his sister--she is my betrothed bride;
and I would as soon think of killing myself as him
’

“‘That, sir, is a matter with which I have nothing to do; but you are
mistaken when you say that public sentiment condemns the code of honor

I think the very reverse of that is true; because it is considered
disgraceful to back down when challenged
 The man who refuses to fight
when challenged is branded as a coward, and honorable men shun him as
such
 Did public sentiment condemn Henry Clay, S
 S
 Prentiss, Albert S

Johnson, General Jackson and a thousand others I might name?’

“‘Yes, but public sentiment has undergone a great change since then; and
our laws did not prohibit dueling then either
’

“‘Doctor Demar, can you name any one who has ever been punished for
fighting a duel?’

“‘I am sorry to be compelled to answer in the negative
’

“‘I dare say you will admit that the reason is owing to public
sentiment; but to the point--what answer do you wish me to convey to my
friend Wallingford?’

“‘Give me one hour to consider on the matter, and to take the advice of
my friends
’

“‘Certainly; but it will be considered dishonorable to mention the
matter to more than one friend; and were you to do so, it might cause
the civil authorities to get hold of the affair, which you know would
serve to widen the breach between you and my friend Wallingford
’

“‘Mr
 Heartsell, do you know what has caused Harry Wallingford to become
offended with me?’

“‘Oh, yes, Doctor Demar; your little secret is out, and you must face
the music
’

“‘What do you mean by my little secret being out?’

“‘Pshaw
 Demar, don’t undertake to brass it out that way, but never
mind, I’ll call again at the end of an hour and get your answer
 By the
way, Demar, you had better accept the challenge, as that might be the
shortest road to an adjustment of this business; because if you refuse
to meet Wallingford on the field, he will force you to fight him on the
streets
 If you consent to meet him, a few rounds may satisfy him, when
the matter could be settled; but if you decline, I dread to think of the
consequences
 You know his fiery temper as well as I do; he is very rash
and inconsiderate, and is very much enraged against you
 Think of these
things when you are considering the proper answer to be sent
 For the
present, good-morning; I’ll call again for your answer
’

“For full ten minutes I sat silently gazing at space, and pondering over
the situation, perfectly at a loss as to what course would be best for
me to pursue
 One thing I had made up my mind that I never would, under
any consideration, draw one drop of Harry Wallingford’s blood
 I never
would point a loaded pistol at his body--I would as soon think of
shooting out my own brains as his
 But I knew that something must be
done, and that without delay
 Who should I go to for advice was the next
question to be considered
 I first thought of Doctor Dodson; but he was
getting old, and was by nature very excitable; I decided that it was
best not to mention the matter to him
 At last I concluded to submit the
matter to General Calloway, a personal friend who had done many acts of
kindness for me during my boyhood
 I knew he was brave and noble-hearted
and had often succeeded in settling affairs of honor without letting the
parties resort to arms
 General Calloway was a man whose opinions were
respected by the community, and he was personally popular with every one
who knew him; I was sure that if any one could bring about a
reconciliation between Harry and me, he was the man to do it
 So I went
directly to his quarters and stated the case to him and requested him to
assist me


“‘Let it be understood at the start, general,’ said I, ‘that I will,
under no circumstances, shoot at Harry Wallingford; but if you think it
best for me to stand up and let him shoot me, I will do it
 No man knows
whether he is a coward or not until he is tried; but I am vain enough to
believe that I can stand up and let him shoot at me, if the matter
cannot be adjusted without it
’

“‘What is the cause of the trouble between you and Wallingford?’ the
general inquired


“‘I have not the most remote idea; and the strangest part of the matter
is, they refuse to tell me
 If I have given cause for offense, I am
ignorant of it; but Wallingford is so overmastered with passion that he
will not listen to one who demands any explanation
’

“‘Very well, Demar,’ said the general, ‘leave the matter in my hands,
and I’ll settle it without resort to arms
 Meantime you go across the
State line into Mississippi, and take lodgings near Horn Lake, on the
line of the Mississippi and Tennessee railroad
 You had better go down
there this evening, and I will answer Wallingford’s note, in which I
shall promise him a meeting to-morrow morning at ten o’clock
 I have
always found it much easier to bring about an amicable settlement of
such cases on the field than in the city; and I never yet have failed to
secure an adjustment, where either one of the parties desired it
 But
when both parties mount their high horses, then we encounter trouble
 We
will make Mr
 Wallingford listen to reason; we will first demand of him
a full statement of the grievances of which he complains, and then we
will know how to start about making a settlement
 Sit down a moment;
I’ll write the answer to be sent
’

“‘I took a seat until General Galloway wrote the following:

     “‘HARRY WALLINGFORD:

     “‘DEAR SIR--Your note of this date, demanding of me the designation
     of a time and place without the limits of this State, for the
     purpose of discussing certain matters of difference between us, was
     handed to me by Mr
 Heartsell
 I have the honor, in reply, to name
     Horn Lake, Mississippi, as the place, and ten o’clock to-morrow
     morning as the time; which, I hope, will suit your convenience
 Any
     other preliminaries which you may desire to have arranged may be
     done on the part of my friend, General Calloway


     “‘Very respectfully,

     “‘EDWARD DEMAR
’

“‘Now, Demar, you go to the livery stable, get a horse and buggy, and go
to Horn Lake to-night
 Don’t lodge in the town, nor don’t let any one
know your business; in fact, you had better conceal yourself in the
country near the village
 I will come down early in the morning, when I
feel confident we shall have no difficulty in securing a reconciliation
between you and Wallingford
’

“As soon as I reached my office I wrote a long letter to Lottie; and
when it was finished I sealed and directed it to her, then gave it to
our drug-store clerk, and ordered him to give it to Lottie at eight
o’clock on the next evening--provided I did not return by that time


“‘Mr
 Todd,’ said I, as I handed the letter to him, ‘I am going on a
short journey, and hope to be back to-morrow evening
 If, however, I do
not return by eight o’clock, you will deliver this letter to Miss
Wallingford with your own hands
 You will, under no circumstances, trust
it out of your possession, but carry it to her yourself
’

“He stared at me in a suspicious manner for several seconds, and then
said:

“‘Doctor, if any one inquires for you what answer shall I make?’

“‘Oh, anything you choose, as to that
 I suppose no one will care to
know where I have gone, so they are told when I will return
’

“I then went toward the livery stable, intending to hire a conveyance to
take me to Horn Lake, but met one of the railroad employes, who told me
that a freight train was going out soon, and I hastened to the depot in
time to jump on it as it was moving out
 When the train stopped at Horn
Lake I stepped off and immediately started to walk rapidly southward
 I
obtained lodgings for the night at a farm-house about a mile from the
village, intending to meet General Calloway, early next morning,
according to previous agreement
 But Providence had in store for me a
different fate, as you shall shortly know


“It was nearly night when I arrived at the farm-house, and after resting
a few moments I took a stroll through a patch of timbered land that lay
near the house
 I felt that I wanted to be alone, in order to have a
reckoning with myself, and to sum up probabilities in regard to the
future
 I wandered along through the woods, not thinking where I was
going or anything about the objects by which I was surrounded, until I
found myself on the shore of a beautiful lake
 Seating myself at the
root of a tree, I took Lottie’s picture from my bosom, covered it with
kisses and bedewed it with my bitter tears
 As I held the darling
picture before my tearful eyes, the question whether or not I should
ever see her again presented itself to my mind
 Would I be forced to
fight the duel with Harry on the morrow? Would I be killed and carried
back a corpse? These unwelcome queries intruded themselves unbidden on
my mind
 I will not admit that I was a coward, yet I did not want to die
then--I had too much to live for
 The scenery by which I was surrounded
was surpassingly charming; the smooth, quiet bosom of the lake spread
its shining surface before me, and as the slanting rays of the departing
sun danced on the still waters, a thousand streaks of variegated lights
were reflected against the wall of trees that lined the shore
 My eyes
were dazzled by the bright beauty of the scene
 Large flocks of wild
ducks lazily swam about on the calm surface of the water, frequently
coming within a rod of where I sat, while thousands of beautiful
silver-colored fishes came in droves and began to poke their heads up to
the top of the water near me
 Great numbers of sweet-singing birds
collected on the trees above me, and filled all the air around with a
delicious melody
 All nature seemed to be making an effort to show me
the beauties of the world that I was about to leave forever
 She
appeared to be arrayed in her richest costume, and soliciting me not to
leave her
 Why will man be so cruel to his fellow man as to try to push
him out of such a beautiful world? Why can we not live as brothers and
enjoy the charms of nature, instead of striving to destroy each other?
What a happy world would this be if every man would live by the golden
rule, ‘Do unto others as you would have others do unto you
’
Penitentiaries and jails would be unknown; locks and keys would be
unnecessary; implements of war would not be manufactured; forts and
arsenals would not be built; poorhouses and poverty would be unknown;
police officers would be unnecessary, and court-houses would be
converted into school-houses; happiness would take the place of misery,
plenty would change places with want, and all the world rejoice in the
unending millennium
 With my mind full of such reflections, I felt
humbled in my own estimation, and dropped on my knees, and, for the
first time in my life, prayed aloud to God for help in this hour of
great trouble
 I prayed long and fervently, and whether God answered
that prayer or not I shall not undertake to say just now, but leave my
kind friends to determine that for themselves after my little story is
ended


“It was some time after dark when I returned to the house and found
supper waiting for me; but I declined to eat any--I excused myself, and
requested to be shown to a private room
 A clean-looking bed stood in
one corner, a wash-stand, bureau, and two chairs, constituted the
furniture
 There were two windows--one in the east side, the other in
the south--both covered with clean, snow-white curtains, nicely looped
up from the middle
 A mocking-bird sat on a tree near the south window,
and seemed to be exerting himself to amuse me
 I like mocking-birds; but
this one was hoarse, and singing out of tune; a half dozen cats were
holding a meeting on top of the smoke-house
 I might have enjoyed the
concert under more favorable circumstances, but the state of my nervous
system was such as to deprive me of the pleasure
 I needed sleep, and
knew that it was my duty to endeavor to get it, so as to enable me to
master the situation in which I was placed
 The events that were to
transpire on the next day were fraught with no little significance, so
far as they might result to myself
 I threw off my clothes and stretched
myself on the bed, first extinguishing the light, and tried to keep my
thoughts away from the cat show; but that was a failure
 I stood it as
long as any man could have done, and would have submitted to the torture
perhaps longer, but for my nervousness
 I threw a glass tumbler with
unerring precision--one cat went to his long home, and the concert
closed
 But alas
 I soon made the discovery that I had jumped out of
the frying-pan into the fire
 The caterwauling melody was sweet music
compared with the noise made by the frogs in a pond hard by
 I am
willing to admit that I had always been of the opinion that a
congregation of cats could make the most soul-scraping noise that ever
was heard; but that night I had cause to change my opinion--I award the
premium to the frog; he can beat a cat to death and give him an hour’s
start; a cat has to stop occasionally to fill his lungs--but not so with
the frog; he seems to be all the time full of wind; at all events, no
man ever heard a frog stop for breath when once he made up his mind not
to do it
 The frog pond was not more than fifty yards from my window
 I
don’t know exactly how many there were in that pond, though it must have
been very densely populated, judging from the great noise they made
 If
frogs were worth a dollar a head, I am confident that there were enough
in that pond to pay the national debt, not counting the old ones that
had retired from business
 I lay and listened to the frogs until my eyes
began to feel heavy; and just as I was about to fall asleep in spite of
the frog convention, a mosquito concluded to make his supper off of my
nose
 Sometimes I would actually get into a comfortable doze, when he
would light and begin to put his pumps to work and wake me
 I would
drive him away, but he would not take the hint
 In order to get rid of
him, I offered a fair compromise: I was willing that he might pump as
much blood out of my feet as he could chamber, and taking them from
under the cover, I held them out to him; but he rejected my liberal
offer with scorn, and seemed to have made up his mind to fight it out on
the nose line; the result was, after a half hour’s contest I killed him,
and then I soon fell asleep
 It was but natural to suppose that my
slumbers would be disturbed by unpleasant dreams
 How could anything
else be expected, harassed as my mind was with such unpleasant
reflections? I dreamed of war, blood, duels, and a thousand other things
too tedious to mention; but I must tell you of two of my dreams: I first
fancied that I was a young tadpole, swimming about in the pond among the
frogs
 I was very proud of my beautiful tail, and imagined that all the
frogs were dying with envy because they had lost theirs
 It never had
occurred to me that at no distant day I should lose my tail, and be
reduced to an equality with the frogs
 I was dashing about among the
frogs, and switching my tail in their faces in a very rude manner
 The
fact is, I was tantalizing them for being out of fashion
 I had the
misfortune to incur the displeasure of a celebrated frog who was famous
for his courage, and who possessed an ungovernable temper
 I trust that
my friends will not be disposed to censure me for describing such a
ridiculous dream, but I am telling exactly what did occur, and not what
ought to have occurred
 In the first place, it will be well to remember
the circumstances by which I was surrounded
 I was about to be forced
into a duel with a man against whom I bore no ill-will, and whom I was
determined not to hurt
 Then I was full of perplexity, because I did not
know the cause which had induced him to challenge me
 While my mind was
completely unsettled by these unpleasant reflections, I was trying to
steal a little sleep, in order that I might be in a condition to wrestle
with the situation on the next day
 Then it was a natural consequence
that I should dream of duels, Tom-cats, and frogs, especially when it is
remembered that the cats and frogs had conspired to keep me awake, and
when in spite of them I did fall asleep


“But let me go on with my strange dream
 When I had been so
inconsiderate as to flirt my tail against the nose of the high-tempered
frog, I discovered, when it was too late, that I had involved myself in
a serious difficulty; and hoping to escape the consequences, I sought
refuge behind an old rotten log that lay in the edge of the pond
 I was
very much alarmed when I saw a large number of frogs collecting round
the one whose nose I had so imprudently slapped with my tail
 A little
timid tadpole swam up close to me, and very meekly informed me that I
was in great danger, as I had insulted the most important frog in the
pond
 I was very much disturbed by this information, and was preparing
an apology to be sent when I received a message from the insulted frog

To the best of my recollection it was, in substance, as follows:

“‘General Frog presents his compliments to Colonel Tadpole, and begs to
say that while bathing in his own precinct a gross insult was offered
him by Colonel Tadpole, who wantonly flirted his tail in General Frog’s
face
 General Frog, therefore, has the honor to request Colonel Tadpole
to designate a time and place when and where such satisfaction can be
had as is recognized by the code
 General Frog designates the bearer of
this message as his friend, who is authorized to arrange preliminaries
’

“I am free to confess that I was completely paralyzed with fear when I
received this message, and would have made an honorable apology, but the
bearer refused to listen to reason
 He demanded blood, and swore that if
I refused to fight I was a dead Tadpole certain
 I was about to faint
from sheer cowardice when a bold young Tadpole whispered in my ear:

“‘Put on a bold front,’ said he; ‘General Frog is a humbug and a bully

Accept his challenge, make him fight with sticks six inches long and a
half inch in diameter; let the sticks be sharpened at one end
 A frog
always has his mouth open, and you can run your stick down his throat
and kill him while he is trying to get a fair lick at your head
’

“I acted on this advice, and being the challenged party, had the right
to choose the weapon
 Quite a commotion was caused when it became known
that a duel was to be fought between General Frog and Colonel Tadpole


“The weapons were prepared, the space in the water was measured, and
ominous silence pervaded the pond (a thing that had never happened
before); we were placed eighteen inches apart, and when we were ordered
to take our places, I could see plainly that public sentiment was
against me among the frogs, but every tadpole in the pond was on my
side
 When the word was given, I made a dash forward and plunged my
stick down General Frog’s throat, taking him completely by surprise
 The
general’s friends carried him off the field, but he was a dead frog; and
when it was announced that the great General Frog was dead, such a
heart-rending wail as rent the air then never had been heard in the frog
kingdom before


“The unusual noise awoke me, and I was glad to find it was all a dream,
and that I was not really a tadpole
 I got up, lighted the candle,
kissed Lottie’s picture a dozen times, looked at my watch and found that
I had only slept an hour
 After pacing the floor for half an hour, I
again threw myself on the bed, and soon was dreaming again
 While the
second dream was not so full of nonsense as the first one, it was
pregnant with unpleasantness
 It was what I call a business-like
dream--short and to the point
 I thought Wallingford and I had failed to
reach a reconciliation, and that General Calloway announced to me that I
must fight
 We fought with pistols at ten paces, and I was killed at the
first fire
 I suffered all the agonies of death, and as soon as my soul
left the body his Satanic Majesty stood ready to take me into custody
 I
remember exactly how he looked; he had his aid-de-camp with him
 They
had handcuffs and chains to fasten my limbs
 They took me down through a
long space of exceeding darkness, when all at once my eyes were blinded
by the bright flames that broke on my view
 I started up and awoke, and
saw two rough-looking men standing over me--while one held a candle, the
other had a pair of handcuffs in his hand


“‘Get up, sir, and put on your clothes as soon as you can--we want you
to go with us
’

“I did as I was ordered, asking no questions
 The first thing that
occurred to me was that the civil authority had ordered my arrest, so as
to prevent the duel; and to be candid, I was very glad of it
 Anything
to prevent the duel suited me, for I hated the idea of being shot at
merely to gratify a foolish whim of Harry Wallingford
 When I finished
my toilet, one of the men locked the handcuffs on my wrists, and then
commanded me to follow them
 Under any other circumstances, I dare say I
should have knocked a man down who attempted to manacle me; but I was
willing to submit to any indignity and endure any inconvenience that
would prevent the duel
 I followed the officers submissively and
silently, being satisfied that my imprisonment would be only temporary

I would be set at liberty as soon as my friends could arrange to make a
bond
 The officers put me in a buggy and began to drive rapidly toward
Hernando
 We arrived there a short time before daybreak, when I was
placed on a train and was soon moving rapidly toward Grenada
 I was
unable to account for this
 Why should I be carried out of the country
where I had violated the law? A suspicion now began to rise in my mind
that it was not the duel which had caused my arrest, and I ventured to
ask one of the officers the cause of it
 Instead of giving me a civil
answer, he broke into a hoarse laugh


“‘Ha, ha, ha
 Tom, just listen to this rascal, will you? He wants to
know the cause of his arrest
 Now ain’t that brassy?’

“‘See here, old fellow,’ said the other officer, addressing himself to
me, ‘that’s too thin; now you just sit down there and keep mighty
quiet--none of your palaver with me
 I’ve had much to do with your sort
lately; they always play ignorant
’

“‘Am I arrested for attempting to fight a duel?’ I ventured to inquire


“‘For what did you say?’ demanded the officer, apparently very much
surprised


“‘I thought I was arrested for attempting to fight a duel,’ I replied


“‘Ha, ha, ha
 Tom, that fellow is going to try the insane dodge
 But
look here, old fellow, that game’s played out
 Your cake is all dough;
you are gone up the spout this time certain
 It’s a pity, though, to
hang such a good-looking chap as you, but I reckon it’ll have to be
done
 I guess you won’t get another chance to escape; they’ll iron you
down good this time
’

“My ire was roused as well as my curiosity, and I indignantly demanded
to know the cause of my arrest, and where I was being carried


“‘Come, sir,’ said one of the men, ‘none of your airs here now
 If you
know what’s good for you, I guess you’ll keep your mouth shut, unless
you can talk with a little more sense
’

“I leaned back in my seat, and tried to collect my scattered thoughts;
but I was so confused that I scarcely could tell whether I was dreaming
or not
 It was very plain, however, that the duel had nothing to do with
my arrest; but what was the cause, was the all-absorbing question now to
be settled
 They spoke of hanging; what on earth could it mean? They
talked about escapes and irons, etc
, etc
 What had I to do with all
this?

“The train rattled on; the lamp cast a faint light through the coach, as
the gray streaks of dawn began to steal through the windows
 One
officer coiled himself up on a seat just in front of me, and began to
snore so loud that it could be heard above the rattle of the train
 The
other one sat by my side with a navy six in his belt, keeping guard
while his companion slept
 Every now and then he took a drink of whisky
from a flask which he carried in his pocket
 The train did not stop
until we reached Grenada
 I was then directed to follow the officers to
the hotel dining-room for breakfast
 I drank a cup of coffee, but could
not eat; my head was aching as if it would burst, and I had a burning
fever
 We waited at Grenada two hours, when the south-bound train on the
Mississippi Central Railroad arrived
 I was conducted aboard, and again
found myself flying on at the rate of fifty miles an hour
 It was late
in the evening when I was taken off the train, at a small wayside
station, and conducted to a stage-coach that was ready to start toward
the east
 Myself and the two officers were the only passengers
 The
driver popped his whip, and we began to move on
 Where am I going, and
what is to be my fate? was my mental question
 What will General
Galloway think of me when I fail to make my appearance at Horn Lake? He
will think I have fled from mere cowardice
 What will Lottie think when
they tell her that I have sneaked off and hidden myself to avoid a
fight? My letter will be handed to her at eight o’clock this evening,
and they will tell her that I have run away
 My mental sufferings were
very great, while my physical torture continued to increase
 The fever
was burning me with excessive violence, and I knew that I was going to
be seriously ill
 My companions were both in a beastly state of
intoxication, one of them stretched on the floor of the coach, while the
other nodded and snored by my side
 The driver was so drunk that he
could scarcely keep his seat, and when I begged him to stop and get me a
drink of water, he replied with an oath that he ‘had no time to fool
away
’ The road was rough and hilly, and the horses would go up the rise
at a snail gallop and then go down at full speed, jolting and tossing me
about like a foot-ball
 My sufferings were indescribable
 It was after
midnight when the coach halted in front of a large brick building in
the village of P----, and I was ordered to get out
 I made an effort to
obey, but was so ill that I could not rise from my seat


“You will have to assist me, gentlemen” said I, “for I am very ill
’

“None of your shamming now’ growled one of the drunken brutes
 ‘That’s
too thin--it’s too soon to begin that game; out with you, and be quick
about it, too
’

“I am really very ill, sir; and without help I am not able to stand
alone
’

“Come along with you, then,--I believe you are trying to play the same
old dodge; but we’ll fix you this time so you won’t get away
”

As he muttered these words he dragged me from the coach and led me into
the house, which proved to be the county jail
 They carried me up a pair
of stairs and placed me in a dungeon, closed the door, and left me in
total darkness
 I sank down on the floor completely exhausted, and
almost crazed with misery
 The blood in my veins seemed to be boiling
hot, while the fever continued to increase
 My stomach felt as if it
were on fire, and I was nearly famished for water
 I began to crawl
about the floor, hoping to find water; for I had called as loud as I
could several times, begging for some to be brought, but no one had
answered my cries
 After searching about in the dark for some time, I
found a stone jug of water that was very warm, but it was better than
none
 During the search for the water I found a little bundle of straw
in one corner of the room, with a blanket spread over it
 Throwing
myself down on it, I groaned in despair
 No mental torture could be
greater than I suffered then; the mysterious manner of my arrest, the
knowledge that I was on the eve of a dangerous spell of fever, the
disgrace that would attach to my name, the opinion that General Calloway
would have of me, the sorrow that would fall on my darling Lottie, all
combined to drive me down to the lowest depths of despair
 While all
this mental anguish was conspiring to drive me mad, the burning fever
was scorching and parching my blood
 I well knew from the symptoms that
I was seriously threatened with brain fever; I rolled and tossed myself
about on the straw until I felt my brain grow dizzy
 My mind commenced
to wander; I cried aloud for help, but none came
 With Lottie’s sweet
name on my lips, her picture in my hand, I fell into a state of
unconsciousness
 When I regained consciousness I was a mere skeleton,
unable to lift my head from my pillow, and it was a long time after my
reason returned before I could remember where I was, or what had
happened
 A little negro boy came to the door and shoved a dish of
provisions through the bars of iron, then placed a pitcher of water
where I could reach it, and was turning away, when I called to him in a
voice so feeble that I was astonished at the sound of it
 He heard me,
however, and returned to the door, and inquired what I wanted


“‘How long have I been here?’ I whispered


“‘You bin dar dis trip free weeks; but de udder time, afore you ’scaped,
you was dar two mont’s zackly,’

“‘You are mistaken, my boy,’ said I, ‘because I never saw this place
until this time
’

“‘Oh, yes, boss, you’s forgot it; you’s bin mighty sick dis time; but
tudder time you broke de jail and ’scaped
 Dis time you bin so sick--you
cryin’ all de time--you talk heep of foolishness--you keep sayin’
Lottie
 Lottie
 sweet Lottie
 all de time when you was sick
 You crazy

De doctor sez you gwine to die, den dey won’t hab de fun of hangin’
you
’

“‘What are they going to hang me for?’

“‘Oh, yo knows what for; what yo ax dis chap for, when yo knows all
about it? Didn’t yo kill mas’ Jack Clanton for nuffin’? But yo is gwine
to die shoah, den ob course dey won’t hang you
’

“‘Do they think I am the man who killed Mr
 Clanton?’

“‘Of course dey knows it sho’ nuff--dey seed yo do it
’

“‘But I tell you I never saw Mr
 Clanton in my life, and I never saw the
jail until I was brought here three weeks ago
’

“‘Oh, boss, yo is crazy yit
 Don’t dis chap know ye? Didn’t dis nigger
tend yo all de time? Didn’t yo try to bribe dis nigger to fetch de file?
I ’spect when ye gits better you’ll ‘member all ’bout it
’

“Then he went away whistling ‘Dixie,’ doubtless believing me still out
of my senses, and to tell the truth, I was inclined to that opinion
myself
 It seemed to me to be absolutely certain that I had either gone
raving mad myself, or that I had fallen into the hands of a gang of
maniacs; but the most plausible argument was in favor of the idea that
my mind was wandering
 My disease had run its course, and I was free
from physical sufferings, except excessive weakness and a general
prostration
 All the hair had been shaved from my head, and my temples
had been scarified all over
 The room or dungeon in which I was confined
was quite small--not over ten feet square
 All the light and air came
through a small, square, grated window, about twelve inches wide

However, during the day-time the wooden shutter of the door was left
open, which served to aid in ventilating the room; but at night it was
closed
 Heavy iron bars crossed each other thickly in the door; and a
small space was open near the floor through which the little negro
usually passed the dishes that contained my food
 A short while after
the negro boy had left me, a man came and unlocked the door and entered
the dungeon, carefully closing it when he had got inside


“‘Well, old fellow,’ said the visitor, as he took a seat near me and
felt my pulse, ‘how do you come on this morning?’

“‘Better, I think,’ was my reply, ‘though I hardly know the nature of my
disease
 One thing is plain--I am quite feeble--my strength is all
gone
’

“‘Ah, yes, no doubt you feel very weak; quite natural you should, after
such an attack of brain fever
 I thought you were going to make a die of
it, in spite of my humble efforts to save you; but thanks to a vigorous
constitution, which you very fortunately possessed, I have been able to
pull you through
 You will be all right again in a few days
 I have
ordered you some beef tea, which you must use freely, and by to-morrow I
dare say you will be able to take more solid food
 Let me look at your
tongue
 Ah, that’s all right
 You won’t leave us yet a while
’

“‘Doctor,’ said I, ‘will you be so kind as to inform me if you know why
I am imprisoned in this horrible dungeon?’

“‘Come, come, my dear fellow
 you had better not talk about that
unpleasant affair until you get more strength
 By no means let your mind
run on that subject
 By the by, Debar, what lady is this you have been
raving about all the time? Lottie
 Lottie
 Yes, I think that was the
name
 If you called her name once, you called it fifty thousand times
within the last three weeks
 The fact is, you talked as if she were
present with you all the time
’

“‘She is a charming girl who resides in Memphis, Tennessee, and my
betrothed bride
’

“‘Ha
 ha
 I say, your betrothed bride; but come, come, Debar, you had
better keep quiet, I reckon; for I see your mind is not exactly right
yet
’

“‘Why do you call me Debar? That is not my name
 I am a physician by
profession
 My name is Edward Demar, and I never saw this jail until the
night I came here three weeks ago
’

“‘Pshaw
 Debar; I had been hoping that your mind was entirely restored,
but I am sorry to find myself disappointed in that hope
 Is this the
picture of the young lady you call Lottie?’

“‘Yes
’

“‘She must be exceedingly beautiful indeed
 That is the sweetest face I
ever saw
 You have been holding that picture in your hand, and kissing
it frequently, while your reason was partially, if not totally,
dethroned
’

“‘Oh, sir, if you knew how I worship that dear girl, you would not be
surprised at my devotion to her picture
’

“‘I don’t think your wife would like to hear you talk that way
’

“‘What in Heaven’s name do you mean? I have no wife--nor ever did
’

“‘Look here, Debar, you are either out of your senses, or shamming; for
I know a lady who loves you devotedly, and she is your wife, too, and a
very true, worthy one at that--a thousand times too good for such a
scapegrace as you
’

“‘I tell you my name is not Debar; and I swear I have not been married

I never loved but one woman in my life, and that is Lottie Wallingford,
of Memphis
’

“‘Ha
 ha
 ha
 Now this is really interesting--indeed it is
 You don’t
know your own name
 Can’t remember your pretty wife
 Never was here
before
 Ha
 ha
 ha
 well
 well
 well
 I have often known criminals to
try the insane dodge, but I never knew one to deny his own name and
repudiate his own wife before
 But good-morning, old fellow, I am to
blame for letting you talk so much anyway; you just keep very quiet, and
drink as much of the beef tea as you can
 I will call again in the
morning; by that time I guess you will remember your name; and I’ll send
a messenger after your wife, as I have been told she has got back home

She has been absent a long time; that is the reason she has not called
to see you, I suppose
 By-by, Debar
’

“Doctor Lamberton was quite a young man, and from our short acquaintance
I had formed rather a favorable opinion of him
 He was very kind to me,
and I learned that he had been unremitting in his attentions to me
during my long and serious illness
 Doubtless I would have died but for
his kindness
 When I was left alone, my thoughts went to work more
vigorously than they ever had done before





CHAPTER XXIV



“After Doctor Lamberton departed I closed my eyes and tried to sum up in
my mind all that had occurred since I left Memphis, in order to see if I
could make anything tangible out of it
 The hours dragged slowly along,
a faint light struggled through the small aperture misnamed window, a
little mouse stole in and began to nibble at the crumbs of bread on the
floor, while I watched him intently
 It was a relief to me to see any
living thing, no matter what it was; it had the effect of keeping my
mind from painful subjects
 When the little mouse would finish his
repast and leave me alone, I would lie on my filthy straw bed and watch
his hole for hours at a time, hoping he would come again to keep me
company
 A large spider had set his net in one corner of the window, in
order to capture unsuspecting flies that were constantly coming in and
out through the opening
 His net was an ingenious piece of workmanship,
and it took him several days to finish it; he could throw his fine-spun
thread with as much accuracy as a Mexican Greaser could throw his
lariat
 After he had completed his net, he built a little neat residence
for himself near it, so he could sit and look through his window and
watch his trap
 I noticed that in selecting the location for his
residence, he was very particular to place it so that it would not be
seen by any insect coming in through the window; he erected his
apartments inside, and a little in the rear of the corner of the
window-sill, while his net was stretched across it
 The web was woven so
very fine that it was scarcely visible to the naked eye, and many a bold
fly lost his life by being caught in its meshes
 Sometimes a vigorous
contest would take place, when a fly would make a desperate struggle to
free himself; but I noticed that the victim seldom came off victorious

One memorable battle between the spider and a large bumblebee I think
worthy to be described
 As soon as the bumblebee got one of his legs
entangled in the net he commenced to work vigorously to loosen it
 The
spider came out and took up his position within two inches of the
captive, and began to throw his lariat at his leg
 The heroic efforts of
the bumblebee excited my sympathy, and I would have gone to his rescue
if I had been able, but I was helpless
 I could only lie still and give
him my good wishes
 After a while the spider managed to get one leg of
his intended victim securely fastened, and I was sorry to think that the
poor bumblebee’s fate was to be death; but not so: I was struck with
admiration when I saw the brave fellow amputating his own leg by using
his teeth
 The spider, however, seemed to realize the situation, for
while the bumblebee was engaged in amputating the leg he began to hurl
his lariat at another, and by the time the amputation was done one more
limb was tied fast; but the bumblebee seemed determined to regain his
liberty at any cost, so he fell to and took off the other leg, and did
it so quickly that the spider did not have time to fasten another, and
the gallant hero was free, minus two of his legs
 As soon as the
bumblebee regained his liberty, instead of retreating, as I expected he
would do, he quietly seated himself on the window-sill and watched the
spider’s hall, as if he were not satisfied with the result of the fight

After a while, however, he disappeared, and I let my sympathies go with
him
 The spider’s net was completely destroyed, and I was glad of it,
but he set about rebuilding it, which cost him three days’ incessant
labor
 The little mouse, the spider, and dear Lottie’s picture were my
only companions during the long, lonesome days of my captivity
 I would
lie on my back for many hours at a time, with my eyes riveted on
Lottie’s picture, and ask myself a thousand questions: What is Lottie
doing at this moment? I wonder if she is thinking of me
 Have they made
her believe that I ran away of my own accord? Perhaps they have
persuaded her to give me up, as one unworthy of her love
 Maybe they
have induced her to marry Heartsell
’

“‘Heaven have mercy on me
’ I groaned in despair
 If I had known then
what was going on at home, I dare say my anguish would have been greater
still; but I presume it was better as it was, for I might have died if
any additional troubles had been thrust upon me, I think that the heroic
struggle I had witnessed on the part of the gallant bumblebee to win his
freedom had a good effect on me
 I became convinced that a man of
courage and strength could accomplish anything that was necessary, and I
then and there resolved that I would imitate the brave example set by
the heroic insect as soon as I recuperated my strength, I would make an
effort to regain my liberty, an effort that should break down and
trample over all opposition
 I would not yield like a base coward, but
would be free, or lose my life in the attempt to accomplish that end


“It was four days after I had regained consciousness before I was able
to sit up in my bed
 Doctor Lamberton visited me once a day, usually
coming early in the morning, and chatted with me a few moments, gave his
instructions and retired
 Then I would be left alone for the remainder
of the day, except when some one would come to bring me food and drink

Then I would divide my time between the mouse, the spider and Lottie’s
picture, giving most of my attention, though, to the image of my
darling
 It was so dark in my cell that I could not read, even if I had
had anything in the shape of a book; and then since the fever had left
my brain it seemed to be lingering in my eyes, and made them sore and
quite sensitive
 The doctor brought me a pair of green glasses to
protect my eyes, and told me to wear them all the time, as my eyes were
in very great danger
 My recovery was exceedingly slow


“As soon as I thought my strength would justify it I wrote a long letter
to Lottie, giving in detail all the circumstance that had combined to
prevent my return to Memphis
 I requested her to see Doctor Dodson,
inform him of my situation, and ask him to come to my assistance without
a moment’s delay
 I also requested her to go and see General Calloway
and explain to him the cause of my absence from Horn Lake on the day
appointed
 I informed her of my illness, but did not tell her how
serious it had been
 I told her the simple truth when I said that her
dear picture had been my chief source of happiness during the long,
weary days of my solitary confinement
 My letter closed thus:

“‘Always trust me, dear Lottie, no matter what you hear about me
 I am
now, have ever been, and always will be, as true to you as the needle is
to the pole
’

“‘I sealed and delivered that letter to the negro boy, who promised to
mail it, but I don’t think he did it, for no such letter ever was
received by Lottie
 I waited and hoped for Doctor Dodson to come to my
assistance; but, alas
 I waited and hoped in vain
 As soon as I was able
to take a little exercise by walking about the room that small comfort
was denied me, for a rough blacksmith came in one day and riveted a
heavy chain on my ankle, then fastened the other end to a beam in the
floor


“‘There now,’ he exclaimed, when he had finished the job, ‘I guess
that’ll keep you this time
 By the way, Debar, how did you manage to get
those tools?’

“‘What tools are you talking about?’

“‘Why, of course the tools you used in cutting out when you were in here
before
’

“‘I never was here before; and my name is not Debar, either
’

“‘Oh
 ah
 I see how it is--the insane dodge this time
 But look here,
old fel’, that’s too thin--I should advise you to invent something
better
’

“I was glad when the uncouth blacksmith took his leave, but sorry to
know that he would make another witness to identify me as the real
Debar


“One morning, while I was endeavoring to amuse myself by watching the
strange maneuvers of the spider as he was weaving a new wing to his
net, the jailer made his appearance at the door, and began to unlock the
inner shutter
 He was a rough, drunken brute, who scarcely ever came
about me, and when he did, he refused to answer any of my questions; I
learned afterward that the rough treatment I had been subjected to was
owing to the fact that he thought me the man who had made the escape
some time previous
 When he had finished unlocking the door a lady came
rushing into the room and threw her arms round my neck, exclaiming, as
she burst into tears:

“‘Oh, Eddie, why did you let them catch you again? I thought you were
safe in Mexico by this time
’

“The jailer had immediately slammed the door to and locked it, leaving
us alone
 I was paralyzed with astonishment, and unable to utter a word
for several seconds
 As soon, however, as I recovered my
self-possession, I pushed her away rather roughly


“‘Madame,’ I exclaimed indignantly, ‘you are laboring under a grave
mistake
 I am not your husband--have not been married--and I never saw
you in my life until this moment
’

“She drew back, gazed at me for a moment in a bewildered way, then
uttering a most pitiful wail, fell fainting on the floor
 I threw some
water in her face, and did all I could to revive her, and was gratified
to see signs of recovery
 She was a very beautiful woman, though her
face was quite pale
 Her long, black hair came loose and fell in great
masses on the floor
 Directly she was able to rise, and I saw that she
was very much embarrassed
 She again fixed her eye intently on me, and
appeared to be undecided as to what should be said


“‘I hope you will pardon me, sir, but you are very like my husband; and
then they told me that he was re-arrested, and in this room
 I should
have known you were not my husband if I had met you in the light, but
when I entered this dark cell I could scarcely see my hand before me
 I
declare, I never have seen two persons so much alike, though you are a
little taller than he, I think; and there is a difference in the voice,
and perhaps a slight difference in the color of the hair, yours being a
shade darker than my husband’s
 I am truly sorry, sir, to know that you
have been compelled to suffer so for a crime you did not commit, but I
rejoice to find that my dear husband has not been retaken
 He is
innocent, but was unable to prove his innocence
 Public sentiment ran
high against him, and he was forced to save his life by flight
’

“‘My dear madame,’ said I, ‘you will not hesitate a moment, I hope, in
informing the sheriff that he is holding the wrong man in custody
 I
have suffered indescribable torture since my detention here, and I fear
that serious consequences have resulted from my imprisonment
’

“‘Indeed, sir, you shall not remain here another day if anything I can
say or do will secure your release
 I will go immediately to the proper
officers and tell them of the great mistake they have made
’

“She then called the jailer and requested to be allowed to come out
”

“Stop a moment, Dr
 Demar,” said Mr
 Peniwinkle, rising with his hat in
his hand, and bowing low before him and Queen Mary, “I cannot wait any
longer; I most humbly beg your pardon for the indignity that we have
unwittingly offered you
 We have been following you for the last ten
days, believing you to be Edward Debar--but I now see what an
unfortunate mistake we have made
 While we have been watching you, we
have let the real criminal get away
 We had traced Debar to Memphis, and
found where he had his wife concealed, and have been thrown off his
track by the great resemblance you bear to him
 Indeed, the resemblance
must be very striking to have misled us so
 We have committed a most
unlucky blunder, and have lost our reward
 The real criminal has
escaped, and we have been so unfortunate as to offer you an unpardonable
insult
”

“Not at all, Mr
 Peniwinkle,” Ingomar replied; “you only did what you
considered right
 You thought you were performing your duty as an
officer, and I rather feel inclined to applaud, instead of censuring
you
 It seems that other officers have fallen into the same error
 Be
seated, Mr
 Peniwinkle, and let the matter drop; I would most willingly
grant pardon, but where no wrong has been committed, of course there is
nothing to pardon
”

Mr
 Peniwinkle resumed his seat, and Ingomar went on with his story


“I must now tell you what was transpiring at Memphis while I was in
jail, all of which was afterward related to me by eye-witnesses
 General
Calloway was at Horn Lake very early on the morning that I had promised
to meet him there; so were Harry and his friend Heartsell
 Ten o’clock,
the hour when we had all agreed to meet, arrived, and every one was at
his post but me
 After waiting for me until eleven o’clock, Harry became
impatient, and intimated to Heartsell that it was his opinion that I had
fled


“‘Yes,’ replied Heartsell, ‘and I’ll bet my last cent he has carried
that woman off with him
’

“‘Let him go and welcome,’ said Harry; ‘but I should have been glad to
have had one shot at the villain’s carcass before he went
’

“General Calloway made inquiries of all the citizens of the little
village, hoping to hear from me, but no one had seen me
 I of course had
managed to get out of the village quietly without being noticed by any
of the residents, as that was in accordance with General Calloway’s
instructions, and I suppose that the two officers who had arrested me
had not told any one their business; hence I had been carried off
without any one knowing anything about it
 When twelve o’clock came, and
still no tidings of my whereabouts had been obtained, General Calloway
became restless and suspicious
 Heartsell approached the general and
said:

“‘I suppose it is unnecessary for us to wait here any longer
 The time
agreed on has passed by two hours ago
 I think your friend Demar has
concluded that “discretion is the better part of valor;” in plain terms,
I think he has run away
’

“‘I cannot believe he has done such a cowardly act as that,’ replied
General Calloway; ‘some serious accident, I fear, has happened to him

He took the freight train at Memphis, and he may have got hurt on the
railroad
 It is my duty to have this matter thoroughly investigated, and
I mean to do it
 I have always believed Demar to be a brave, honorable
young man, and I shall not condemn him without positive proof
 Of course
you and your friend Wallingford had better return to Memphis, while I
shall take the necessary steps to ascertain the cause of Demar’s
mysterious disappearance
’

“Harry and Heartsell returned to their homes
 As they were leisurely
riding back in their carriage, it was agreed that Heartsell should renew
his suit for Lottie’s hand, and that Harry was to throw the weight of
his influence with his sister to induce her to accept him
 Those two
rash young men were just like thousands of others who are ignorant as to
the material composing a true woman’s heart
 They imagined that Lottie
Wallingford would transfer her heart, with all its pure love, to Mr

Heartsell, and gladly consent to become his wife
 But they were building
a magnificent castle on a sandy foundation
 They had a sad lesson to
learn, which it would be well for all men to know
 A woman’s heart
cannot be traded off and bartered round like a bolt of calico or a bale
of cotton, but when it is given to a man, it is his
 he may bruise it,
he may break it, but he cannot transfer it at will
 A man’s heart is a
negotiable instrument, transferable at will; but not so with a woman’s

I perhaps should not say that all men’s hearts are negotiable, for I
know there are exceptions to that rule, but it will apply in a majority
of instances


“It was night when Heartsell and Wallingford arrived at Memphis, and the
first thing they did was to go immediately to the old brick house to
ascertain whether the woman was gone or not
 They found the building
empty
 They entered and examined the rooms, and after satisfying
themselves that the woman was gone, they departed


“‘Well, Wallingford,’ observed Heartsell, as they walked toward Mr

Rockland’s house, ‘you see I was right after all; she was undoubtedly
Demar’s wife, and they have fled together
’

“‘Yes, that is true, and I am glad we are rid of them
 Demar was a
greater rascal than I ever thought he was
’

“‘My dear fellow,’ replied Heartsell, ‘I never had any faith in him from
the start
 I always thought he was a consummate hypocrite
 He assumed a
pious dignity that I know was all a sham
 Wasn’t it fortunate for your
sister that I happened to watch his movements?’

“‘Indeed it was, Heartsell; she owes you a big debt, and I dare say if
love can pay it she will be glad to liquidate the obligation
’

“‘Ah
 you have cause to be proud of your charming sister
 Do you know
that I think she is the most talented woman I ever knew?’

“‘My sister is a very sensible girl
’

“‘Indeed she is, Wallingford, and she has an angel’s disposition
 She is
too good for me, but if pure love and devotion can make her happy, be
assured she should never know sorrow
’

“‘You have heard of men counting the chickens before they were hatched,
haven’t you, Heartsell?’

“‘Of course I have; but what has that to do with this matter?’

“‘Suppose Lottie don’t choose to see things from our standpoint? Suppose
she should still put her faith in Demar?’

“‘Oh
 that’s not a supposable case; how could she cling to him when she
learns his true character?’

“‘Well, you have my good wishes in this new enterprise, and if I can
assist you, command me; but here we are at the gate--will you walk in
and take tea with me?’

“‘No, not to-night, Wallingford; I’ll go home now; but where can I see
you early in the morning?’

“‘At my office
’

“‘Very well, I’ll call early
 Good-night, and pleasant dreams to you
’

“When Heartsell parted with Wallingford he sauntered toward his home
whistling ‘Mollie Darling’ while visions of triumph floated gaily before
his imagination
 Since the dreaded enemy had ingloriously fled, he
thought as the victor he was entitled to the spoils; in other words, he
imagined that since Demar’s flight, Lottie would be glad to throw
herself into his arms
 He was vain enough to believe that she would be
ready to thank him for the great service he had rendered and ask his
pardon for having once rejected his suit


“When Wallingford arrived at home he went immediately to his sleeping
room to change his toilet before the supper bell rang
 Lighting the gas
and looking at his watch, he found it only lacked five minutes to eight;
he hurriedly began to arrange his dress
 Ten minutes had elapsed after
he entered the room when he was startled by a loud scream that went
ringing through the house; he ran rapidly to Lottie’s boudoir


“‘What is the matter, mother?’ exclaimed Wallingford, as he appeared at
the door where he saw Lottie lying insensible on a sofa, and Mrs

Rockland standing in the middle of the room wringing her hands,
apparently wild with terror
 ‘Speak, mother
 what in Heaven’s name has
happened?’

“‘Some terrible news must have been brought in that letter, for she
still holds it crumpled up in her hand
 Doctor Demar’s clerk delivered
it to her a few moments ago, and when she began to read it she turned
deadly pale, then screamed and fainted
’

“‘Demar has eloped with another woman, and she has just now found it
out
’

“‘Merciful Providence
 my son, is that true?’

“‘It is certainly so; and I trust she will at once discard the hateful
villain’s memory from her mind
’

“While this conversation was going on Mrs
 Rockland was kneeling by the
sofa, bathing Lottie’s pale face with eau-de-Cologne, and in a few
moments evidence of returning consciousness appeared
 I had explained
everything in the letter, telling Lottie that if I did not return by
eight o’clock she might know that I was killed, because I would
communicate further news if wounded
 It might appear to be an
unpardonable imprudence on my part to write such a letter, but it must
be remembered that I did not intend her to receive it unless I was
killed
 I had written my will, bequeathing my little estate to her,
which was also inclosed in the letter
 Lottie was not one of the sort of
hysterical women who faint every time they see a worm or a spider, but
she was brave, sensible, self-reliant and strong, both mentally and
physically
 But notwithstanding all her courage and self-possession, she
was instantly overpowered by the contents of the letter
 As soon as she
was able to sit up, Harry attempted to take hold of her hand, when she
drew back with a convulsive shudder, at the same time uttering a
suppressed scream
 Then she cast on her brother such a gaze as to chill
the blood in his veins--it was a mixture of horror, scorn, contempt and
pity


“‘Touch me not, I beg you; that hand is red with a hero’s blood, and
Cain’s mark is on your brow
 You have murdered the noblest, the kindest,
the best man that ever called you friend
 Oh
 my unhappy, rash,
inconsiderate brother, pray on your knees until the “crack of doom” and
maybe God will pardon you
 How could you be so cruel as to shed the
blood of a noble big heart whose every throb was in friendship for you?
Had you lost sight of the fact that I owed my life to the poor victim
whose blood you wantonly shed? How could you face our mother in Heaven,
with Eddie’s blood dripping from your murderous hand? If you were to
touch me with that bloody hand of yours, it would kill me in five
minutes
 Did you hate Edward because he was noble, generous and good?
Did you envy his gentle disposition, his even temper and greatness of
soul? Oh
 blessed Redeemer, have mercy on my unfortunate, rash brother,
forgive this awful crime and humble his haughty soul
’

“‘Lottie, I swear by the heavens and all the saints that never have I
shed one drop of Ed Demar’s blood; he is a hypocritical villain who has
betrayed and deceived you; he has eloped with another woman
’

“‘Harry, don’t slander the dead, I beseech you; that would aggravate the
awful crime you have committed
 Shame
 shame on you
 Why not kill me
quickly as you did Edward, instead of torturing me to death? Why not
shed my blood while your hand is in? I have no desire to live any longer
in this wicked, cruel world
 Why should such as I be permitted to live
in the world, when you have hurled my Eddie into a bloody grave? Why not
kill me, too?’

“‘Sister Lottie, I most solemnly declare by everything sacred that I
have not seen Edward Demar since he left the city yesterday; it is true
I challenged him, and he agreed to meet me at Horn Lake to-day at ten
o’clock, but instead of keeping his appointment, he has run away with a
woman that he brought from Philadelphia
’

“‘Edward told me in his letter that you had forced him into a duel, and
that he would be here by eight o’clock if he was not killed; and in
that letter was his will leaving his estate to me--how then can you tell
me he has run away? You and Heartsell have killed him, and in order to
conceal your crime you have invented this falsehood
 You may go dig my
grave, for there is a sweet spirit calling me to Heaven, and I shall
soon go to meet the noblest soul that was ever dismissed from the body
by the red hand of murder
”

“‘I will bring Mr
 Heartsell here, sister, who will tell you what I say
is true
’

“‘Do not mention that man’s name in my presence, for he is more guilty
than you, because he has made a dupe of you to destroy Edward
 I have
tried Edward Demar in adversity, as well as prosperity, and if a legion
of such men as Heartsell were to tell me he had proved false, I would
not believe it
’

“Lottie then broke completely down, and would have fallen to the floor,
but Mrs
 Rockland caught her in time to prevent it


“‘You may put me to bed, mother, I cannot fight it off any longer; I
thought I was very strong and brave, but this blow is too much for me

All will soon be over with me, my dear good mother--I feel it very
plainly; and when I am dead, I want you to have me buried by the side of
Eddie, if his body is ever found
 They killed him for loving me, and the
blow has killed me, too; poor Viola
 tell her I shall expect to meet her
in Heaven, where wicked people cannot molest or make us afraid
’

“Mrs
 Rockland then attempted to lead Lottie to her bedroom, but was
unable to do it, for she fell completely helpless on her mother’s bosom

Harry then stepped forward and attempted to take his sister in his arms,
when she began to tremble violently, uttering a loud scream


“‘Oh, mother, please do not let him touch me with those bloody hands;
make him go away
’

“Then she hid her face on her mother’s bosom, while horrible convulsions
shook her body


“‘Look there, mother,’ she exclaimed, as she glared with dilated eyes at
her brother, ‘do you see that bloody stain on his brow? That is blood
from poor Edward’s heart; drive the cruel murderer away
’

“‘Leave us for the present, my son,’ whispered Mrs
 Rockland, ‘she is
going mad, I do believe
’

“Harry rushed from the room, frantic with grief, and tortured by an
accusing conscience, and began to pace hurriedly through the garden,
while a horrible fear that he had really driven his sister mad seized
upon him


Mrs
 Rockland called in the servants, who assisted her to carry Lottie
to her bedroom; then a messenger was sent after Doctor Dodson, who
arrived at nine o’clock
 When he entered the room he found the patient
in a state of total unconsciousness, and a burning fever had set in,
while the eyes had a wild, lusterless appearance
 Every now and then her
body would tremble violently for a moment, and be seized with severe
convulsions, lasting from ten to fifteen seconds; then the nerves would
relax, and she would remain quiet until another trembling fit would come
on
 The convulsions continued until after midnight, and when they
ceased, the doctor was compelled to resort to strong stimulants in order
to revive his patient
 The kind-hearted old physician was too well
posted in regard to the science of his profession, and the mysterious
influence which the mind exercises over the nerves, not to know that
Lottie’s illness was the result of mental distress


“‘Ah, ha
 here we come, madame,’ he exclaimed, as soon as he became
convinced that his patient was not going to be tortured by any more
convulsions
 ‘What has happened to Lottie? Ah, ha
 yes, what has
happened?’

“Mrs
 Rockland, with tremulous voice, proceeded to give a detailed
history of everything that had occurred, while tears streamed from her
eyes


“‘Ah, ha
 I see how it is
 Oh, that rash boy
 I wonder if he has been so
cruel as to hurt Edward?’

“He called on Heaven to witness the truth of his assertion that he had
never drawn one drop of Edward’s blood; declared that he had not seen
him since day before yesterday
 I believe he told the truth, for, with
all his faults, he would not tell a lie; never has that rash boy uttered
a falsehood in my presence, nor has he ever in any manner attempted to
deceive me
 He affirms that Edward has eloped with a woman that he
brought from Philadelphia
’

“‘Ah, ha
 that is a pretty story indeed
 I say, eloped with another
woman
 ah, ha
 when he was heels over head in love with Lottie? Now if
Harry Wallingford can snatch the sun from its fiery chariot as it spans
the sky and put it in his pocket, and convert light into darkness, then
may he expect to make me believe that my boy is a villain
 Ah, ha
 don’t
you see? My noble boy was the very soul of honor, the paragon of men,
the embodiment of truth, and a stranger to deception
 Ah, ha
 you see
how it is yourself, my dear madame; some intriguing villain is at the
bottom of this business, and a horrible suspicion tells me that Harry
has been led into a trap
 Ah, ha
 yes, he has suffered himself to be
used as a tool by some scheming rascal who wanted to get rid of my boy

It is Heartsell or Bowles, perhaps both
 Ah, ha
 don’t you see? I will
ransack the globe, and plow every sea, and skim every ocean, but I will
find my brave, noble boy
 If they have killed him, they had better get
on the other side of the world without delay, else I will increase the
population of hell with their souls
 Ah, ha
 don’t you see?’

“‘How is my sister now, doctor?’ said Harry, as he met the old physician
on the veranda at two o’clock


“‘Bad enough
 Ah, ha
 bad enough, my boy; brain fever--serious
attack--dangerous disease--life in great peril; bad business
this--another bright angel added to the Heavenly band
 Ah, ha
 don’t you
see how it is, my boy? The world loses, Heaven wins; bright young life
foolishly extinguished; had rather die myself; will save her if
possible, but don’t believe it possible
 You hear people talk about
broken hearts, ah, ha? that is a mistake--hearts never break; the brain
may be broken; then the soul becomes alarmed and deserts the body

Lottie’s brain is injured--that affects the nerves; ah, ha
 don’t you
see? Then convulsions ensue, which worries the circulation, and a
general collapse of the whole system follows; final result, death or
insanity
 Ah, ha
 yes, death winds up the show in a majority of such
cases
 Poor girl
 she loved Edward very dearly, and he was devoted to
her
’

“‘In that respect,’ replied Harry, ‘I am sorry to inform you that you
are very much mistaken; Edward Demar did not love my sister
 The fact
that he was a double-faced hypocrite and faithless traitor has been
proved beyond the possibility of a doubt
 I was foolish enough to
believe he was an honorable man who loved my sister truly, but he has
betrayed her and eloped with another woman
’

“‘Ah, ha
 look up there, my boy,’ exclaimed the doctor, as he pointed
heavenward; ‘do you see that bright star yonder, just to the left of the
moon?’

“‘Yes, certainly I do; but what of that?’

“‘Do you notice how near it appears to the branches of that elm tree? it
seems to be within three feet of that large limb; ah, ha
 do you see it,
my boy?’

“‘Yes, very true; it looks as if it were fastened among the branches of
that tree
’

“‘Ah, ha
 yes, very good, my boy; will you be so kind as to step up on
top of that tree, pluck that beautiful bright star from its place in the
sky, and bring it to me?’

“Harry began to stare at the doctor with feelings of anger and
astonishment


“‘This is no time to crack jokes, Doctor Dodson, and I am grieved to be
compelled to remind you of it
’

“‘Joking, ah, ha
 who is joking? I never was in deeper earnest in my
life; why do you refuse to do such a trifling favor for me? I want a
pretty planet snatched from the heavens, and you will not do it for me
’

“‘Doctor, I confess your language astonishes me; I have ever had a high
regard for your opinion, and would make any sacrifice to serve you, but
when you ask me to do absurd impossibilities, you can hardly expect a
serious answer
’

“‘Ah, ha
 you tell me that you cannot snatch that star from the sky, yet
you try to make me believe that Edward Demar has eloped with another
woman
 Whenever I see you take that planet in your hand and lay it down
at my feet, then you may try to convince me that my boy was dishonest

Ah, ha
 yes, you see how it is yourself, don’t you? Did you ever hear
of a certain monkey who raked the chestnuts out of the fire with the paw
of an unsuspecting cat? Ah, ha
 yes, of course you have; very good,
then, you are the unsuspecting cat, and Heartsell is the monkey, and he
has been using your paw to rake out his chestnuts
 Ah, ha
 to be plain,
that man wanted to marry your sister; she loved my boy, and therefore
Heartsell wants him out of the way; he uses you as his tool to remove
his rival; ah, ha
 don’t you see? Heartsell has practiced a fraud of
some sort on you, deceived you, cheated you, and in all probability
ruined you, and killed your sister
 Ah, ha
 don’t you see?’

“‘Doctor Dodson,’ replied Wallingford, ‘I know my faults are numerous; I
confess that my unfortunate temper often gets the advantage of my
judgment; I may have acted too rashly in this affair, but it was my duty
to guard my dear sisters honor; and when I tell you that she has been
deceived by Ed Demar, I only tell you that which I know positively
 With
my own eyes I saw him in the arms of another woman; that woman has
disappeared, so has Demar; and that he has fled with her is a fact
beyond controversy
’

“At that moment Mrs
 Rockland came to the door and requested the doctor
to go in to his patient, informing him that she was again in
convulsions


“Harry hurried out of the house and bared his burning brow to the
falling dew, while he beat his breast with his clinched fist, hoping to
still the gnawing conscience that was torturing his restless soul
 All
through the night he continued to wander in the garden, half mad with
grief, muttering to himself, while the hot blood in his veins seemed to
be collecting in his fevered cheeks and heated brow
 At early dawn he
went in search of Heartsell, and found him sound asleep in his bedroom


“‘Get up, Heartsell,’ he said, as he hurried in, ‘I must speak with
you
’

“‘What’s up now, old fellow; something serious, I guess, else you would
not be out so early
’

“‘Ah, Heartsell, I never have passed such a night; I did not go to bed
at all
 My poor sister is dangerously ill; she thinks that we have
murdered Demar, and the doctor is afraid she will die
’

“‘Indeed, Wallingford, that is awful news
 Why should she think that we
have killed Demar?’

“‘He wrote her a letter telling her all about the contemplated duel,
left it with his clerk, to be delivered in the event of his not getting
back by eight o’clock
 In that letter he told her that if he was not
killed, he would be at home at eight, and because he did not come, she
concludes that we have killed him
 Now, why should he write such a
letter if he intended to run away?’

“‘I must confess that it is very strange
’

“‘Has it ever occurred to you that some accident might have happened to
him, and that he did not absent himself willingly?’

“‘No; I never had dreamed of such a thing
’

“‘I am afraid we have been too hasty in this business
 I love my darling
sister as I do my life, and I begin to repent of my rashness in this
matter
 She refused to let me touch her, shrank from me as if I were a
savage wild beast ready to tear her to pieces, cast upon me such a
strange, wild look as caused the blood to freeze in my veins, and spoke
of my hands being stained with Ed Demar’s blood
 Then all at once she
broke down, and when the doctor came he said that she was threatened
with brain fever, and before midnight she was unconscious
’

“‘That is very unfortunate, Wallingford, and as soon as she regains
consciousness, I’ll go to see her and tell her that you did not hurt
Demar; she certainly will believe me
’

“‘If you take my advice, you will not let my sister see you, until you
can prove Demar to be alive and unhurt
 The manner in which she spoke of
you was anything but complimentary, I can tell you
 She regards you as
the cause of all the trouble, accuses you of influencing me; and the
truth is, Heartsell, you did persuade me into it
 We have been rash and
hasty in this matter, and I begin to repent of the part I have played in
it
 I wish I could be like other men, but my unfortunate temper won’t
let me
 Most people think before they act, but I act first and then do
the thinking when it is too late
 A most horrible suspicion is crawling
over me
 I begin to think after all that Demar has not run away
 He owns
a half-interest in a drug-store here with ten thousand dollars; he made
no disposition of it except to will his interest to my sister in the
event of his death
 He left a sealed paper with his clerk to be
delivered to Lottie, and it turns out to be a will
 Now, if he had been
married to the other woman, why should he will his property to my
sister?’

“‘Indeed, that does look a little strange; but what can we do to clear
up the mystery?’

“‘Put detectives to work to find out what has become of Demar
 Has it
ever occurred to you that the woman might have been some relative of
Demar?’

“‘No; I have never dreamed of such a thing; but why should he elope with
her if she was a relation?’

“‘I don’t believe he went away with her, because he took a freight train
and started to Horn Lake
 I believe he intended to keep his appointment
with us, but met with an accident--perhaps has been murdered
’

“‘Wallingford, your language puzzles me; give me time to think
’

“‘Yes, it is very proper we should both do a little serious thinking
 It
is a pity we didn’t do that before
 Instead of acting so rashly, we
should have demanded an explanation of Demar, and afforded him an
opportunity to make it
 I can see now the great error we committed
 He
might have been able to explain it all to our satisfaction, but we did
not give him a chance
’

“When Harry left Heartsell, his affection for that gentleman was
considerably decreased


“Time continued to drag along very slowly, or at any rate it seemed so
to Harry Wallingford
 Lottie’s life appeared to be gradually but surely
drawing to a close
 Her beautiful golden hair had commenced to come out,
while the flesh appeared to shrink away
 The color had fled from her
cheeks, and her eyes gazed listlessly at the ceiling
 She would lie
immovable from day to day, never complaining, never uttering a word,
except occasionally to whisper the name of Eddie
 When her reason
resumed its throne, she continued to ask for Eddie, and on being told
that he never had been heard from, the tears would flow slowly down her
cheeks


“‘They have killed Eddie; he is in Heaven, though, and I am going to
see him soon
 Give me my darling’s picture, mother
’

“When it was given to her she pressed it to her pale lips


“‘You loved my poor unfortunate brother, and never would do him wrong;
yet they killed you
’

“Such language was usually uttered in a low, dove-like tone, and she
would continue for hours at a time conversing to the picture
 When Harry
would enter the room she would turn her face to the wall and shiver, as
if she were very cold
 When he spoke to her she would hold the corner of
a quilt over her ear, as if his voice gave her pain
 The doctor finally
advised him not to visit his sister until the state of her mind should
change


“‘She thinks you have killed Eddie,’ said Doctor Dodson to Harry, ‘and
so long as she clings to that idea, I think it best for you not to let
her see you
 Poor girl
 she can’t last much longer
 There is only one
remedy that could save her life, and I fear we shall not be able to get
that in time
’

“‘What is that, doctor?’ exclaimed Harry, as a new hope began to rise in
his breast


“‘If Eddie could be found, she would be all right in a week, but if not,
she will be in Heaven before that time
’

“‘Oh, merciful Providence
 what shall we do? Doctor Dodson, you are not
going to let my darling die, are you?’

“‘Ah, ha
 my dear boy, we must bow submissively to the will of God
 A
physician may patch up the machinery, but he can’t make a human heart

That poor girl’s heart is desperately wounded, and nothing on earth can
cure it except a look at Eddie Demar
 Present him before your sister
alive and in good health, and I warrant a cure; fail to do it, and you
may go dig her grave
’

“‘Oh, doctor, this is horrible; it will kill me, too, if she dies,
believing I have murdered Eddie
 Can’t you quiet her mind with opiates
until her physical strength returns?’

“‘Ah, ha
 my boy, that’s all you know about it; I have given her as much
of that sort of medicine as her system will bear, and I tell you again,
you had better find my boy, and that without delay, unless you expect to
see your sister die
 Ah, ha
 when that poor girl dies, this world will
lose one of its brightest jewels, and Heaven will receive one of the
brightest angels that ever went there
 Poor Viola will lose her best
friend, and we will be left to mourn over crushed hopes
 I should like
to know what sad fate has overtaken my poor boy
 He was the light of my
life and the joy of my house
 Ah, ha
 indeed he was
 Some foul play
somewhere; ah, ha
 my boy; mind you, though, I don’t mean to scold you,
Harry; ah, ha
 you see I couldn’t have the heart to do it
 Heaven knows
you have enough to bear anyway
’

“‘Yes,’ replied Harry, ‘it is all my fault, but I thought I was acting
for the best
’

“‘No doubt you did, ah, ha
 my boy, but it has turned out to be a bad
job
 We are all ruined unless Eddie can be found
’

“‘I’ll find him, if he is on the globe, doctor
’ exclaimed Wallingford,
as he hastened from the room
”

“We will take a recess now,” said the queen, as she rose from her seat
and took Ingomar’s arm





CHAPTER XXV



Ivanhoe and Miss Darlington (nicknamed Scottie) were as usual engaged in
an earnest conversation, the topic being a mixture of sentiment and
gossip


“Now, sir knight,” observed Miss Darlington, as she led him to a seat,
“if you feel inclined to engage in a game of gossip on the old
threadbare topic, we will stop here, where we will be free from spies or
intruders
 The fact of the business is, I believe, that another day of
such intolerable suspense will unsettle my mind
”

“Perhaps I can furnish you a little scrap of information that will
afford temporary relief
”

“Tell it then without preliminaries
”

“Have you noticed a little, pale-faced lad gliding about like a
half-grown ghost?”

“Indeed I have, and there is a peculiar expression on his countenance
that attracted my attention; but what about him?”

“He is the black domino’s courier, spy, agent, pilot, general
superintendent, or something of that sort
”

“By the by, I see that same little ghostly lad yonder leaning over the
banisters, just beyond the pilot house
”

“Yes, that is he; I happen to know that he is serving the lady in the
black domino in some of her mysterious schemes
 Knowing, as I did, how
much it would relieve you to obtain any clew that would unravel the
unpleasant mystery by which we are surrounded, I took the liberty to
play the spy myself
 If I have been guilty of a mean thing (and to be
candid, I think I have), you will have to answer for the sin of it, for
I was prompted to it by my anxiety to gratify the curiosity of some one
who was very dear to me
”

“Indeed I am very grateful; but pray tell me what you have discovered?”

“I heard a conversation between the little, pale-faced boy and the lady
in the black domino
”

“Well, what did it amount to?”

“The lad pointed toward Napoleon, and said, ‘There is your man
’

“‘How do you know that is he?’ inquired the black domino impatiently


“‘I have seen him from where I was hidden under the bed in his
state-room
’ replied the lad promptly; ‘and,’ continued the little
fellow, ‘I can assure you, madame, beyond all question, he is the very
man you are after
’

“‘What is the number of his state-room?’ inquired the black domino


“Then the boy made an answer which I did not distinctly hear, as they
both began to converse in a low, hurried tone
 There is a stack of
mattresses on the larboard side, and I was leaning against it, and they
were on the other side
 After a long, whispered conversation, they began
to talk a little louder, and then I heard the boy say:

“‘I have found out all you wish to know about Napoleon, and you had
better act promptly
’

“‘No, not yet,’ replied the black domino, ‘my plans are not ripe yet;
but you must keep your eye on him until I am ready
’

“‘You may depend on me to do that,’ replied the lad; ‘he never shall
leave this boat without your consent
’

“‘You are a splendid detective, and shall be abundantly rewarded for
your faithful services
’

“‘I have already been rewarded,’ said the boy, ‘ten times more than I
deserve
 I would do anything to please you
’

“‘I thank my little friend, and mean to show my gratitude in a tangible
shape one of these days
 I am going to purchase a nice cottage for your
mother if I ever get enough money
’

“‘You are too kind, miss; you have done more for me than I deserve; but
I will serve you as long as I live
 I hope you will succeed in bringing
that bad man to punishment for his wicked crimes
’

“They then went away and I heard nothing more
”

“It seems she is shadowing Napoleon
”

“Yes, that is certain
”

“What does it all mean?”

“Ah
 that is the question I should like to have explained
”

“Have you ever mentioned the subject to the little boy?”

“No
”

“Call him here and let us endeavor to pump the secret out of him
”

“Come here a moment, little man, if you please
”

The lad promptly approached and fixed his large, restless eyes on
Ivanhoe with a look of inquiry


“What is your name, my little friend?”

“Spratt, sir
”

“Where do you reside?”

“I have no home at present, sir
”

“Did you get on board this boat at Memphis?”

“No, sir
”

“Where did you get on?”

“At Friar’s Point, sir
”

“Where are you going to get off?”

“I do not know what point I shall stop at--that depends on
circumstances
”

“What circumstances?”

“If you will excuse me, sir, I had rather not tell that
”

“Oh, certainly, my little friend, you need not tell anything unless it
suits you
 Do you know the lady in the black domino?”

“Yes, sir
”

“Would you object to tell me who she is?”

“I could not do it without her consent; I think she does not want her
name known just now
”

“I will give you this twenty-dollar bill if you will tell me her name
”

“I beg you will excuse me, sir
”

“I will give you a hundred dollars if you will tell me who she is
”

“I could not do it, sir, if you were to offer me a thousand dollars
”

“Does she reside in Memphis?”

“No, sir
”

“Where does she reside, then?”

“I had rather not tell you that, sir
”

“Do you know the man who personates Napoleon?”

“Yes, sir
”

“Will you tell me who he is?”

“That is also a secret which I am not at liberty to reveal
”

“Can you tell me whether or not he got on this boat at Memphis?”

“I could tell you, sir, but I must not talk about him
 You will soon
know all about it
”

“What right had you to go into that gentleman’s state-room and conceal
yourself under his bed?”

“How did you know I did that, sir?”

“I heard you tell the lady in the black domino about it
”

“I hope, sir, you did not play the eavesdropper?”

“No; but you and the lady talked about the matter where I could not help
hearing it
”

“I hope, sir, that you will not say anything about what you heard,
because if you do you will be sorry for it when you know what caused me
to go into his room
”

“You have been watching Napoleon by the lady’s directions--is that not
the way of it?”

“Since you have made the discovery, it is useless for me to deny it;
but, sir, I beg you to say nothing about it
”

“How long do you want me to keep the secret?”

“But a very short time, sir
 That man who represents the emperor is a
very grand villain, and if you were to reveal what you know, it might
upset all the plans we have been arranging to capture him
”

“Why not capture him now?”

“The lady in the black domino is waiting for something to happen which I
am not permitted to tell
”

“Very well, my little friend, I promise you I will not reveal your
secret
”

“I am very much obliged to you, sir, and you shall know all about the
matter very soon
 I will go now, sir, if you have nothing more to say to
me
”

As the little fellow bowed politely and moved away, Scottie heaved a
sigh and said:

“Heigh ho
 was anybody ever so inundated with mystery as we are?”

“If they were, I should pity them
”

“I must say that is a very polite, manly little fellow; and that head of
his is full of brains
”

“Yes, and he has been playing a very deep game, if I am not very much
mistaken
”

“What in Heaven’s name does it all mean?”

“I would give my bottom dollar to be able to answer the question
”

“Let us try and pump the secret out of Brazzleman--I dare say he knows
all about it
”

“I have been trying to get him to tell me who the lady is, but he
positively refuses to do it--in fact, I do not believe he, or the
captain either, knows who she is
”

“Look yonder, will you--that mysterious woman has been watching us all
the time
 She is going to that boy to find out what we have been saying
to him
 I declare, this is really provoking; and I am not willing to
submit to it any longer
”

“Can you suggest any plan to get rid of the nonsense?”

“Suppose we complain to Captain Quitman?”

“I should not like to do that, after making a promise to the lad to keep
his secret
”

“How would it do to cross-examine Napoleon on the subject?”

“That would be the most imprudent step we could take, for it appears
that the black domino has got him spotted
 I think we should not say
anything to any one about what we know until something more is
developed
”

“See yonder; she is leading that boy to her state-room
 Mischief is
brewing, and a culmination will be reached soon
”

“Well, let matters jog along; come down and dance a set--I hear the
music
”

“I have no objection--in fact, I am glad you proposed it, as I think the
dance will take my mind from this unpleasant subject
 I have often heard
of people suffering with curiosity, but never till now did I know how
one could be so much excited
”

Ivanhoe then led Scottie down to the saloon, and soon was gliding round
in a lively waltz with her fair cheek resting on his shoulder
 George
was looking supremely happy, as he waltzed with the queen of Sheba
 A
dozen other couples were enjoying themselves, while keeping time to the
splendid music


“Come,” said Ivanhoe, as soon as the waltz was ended, “let us go back on
deck, as I have thought of something else to tell you
”

“I hope you are not going to harp on the same string?”

“That is exactly what I am going to do; but I have something new to tell
you
 Just a moment before we began to waltz, George told me that the
whole secret was divulged
”

“What secret?”

“The mystery about the black domino
”

“Well, what does it amount to?”

“She is a confidence woman--a female pickpocket--an expert thief, and
that lad is her pal
”

“Now, I do not believe a word of that story, for she has been weeping
frequently
 Confidence women do not shed tears--pickpockets do not act
like that woman
”

“I shall venture no opinion, so far as I am concerned
 George says that
she has stolen a large sum of money from Napoleon, and that the boy
helped her do it
”

“If that is true, why do they not arrest her at once?”

“They have not got sufficient proof to justify that course yet, though
they think they will be able to do it very soon
”

“If I live a hundred years, I never will wear another mask, or associate
with others who do
 I am very sure that we would have enjoyed our
excursion much better if we had not appeared in mask
”

“I agree with you there--these masquerades are only suited to furnish
opportunities for thieves to ply their trades
”

“As soon as Ingomar finishes his story (and I hope he will not stop a
moment until he is through with it), we will put an end to this
nonsense
”

“I will go and request the queen to re-assemble her party at once, so
that we may hear the remainder of the tale without further delay
”

“I wish you would
”

Ivanhoe then went to look for the queen, who issued her orders for the
party to meet immediately
 A majority of the passengers came up with
Ingomar and the queen, as they were becoming deeply interested in the
story
 The maskers all being seated, the queen directed Ingomar to
resume


“I was very much disappointed when Mrs
 Debar returned to my cell and
informed me that the civil authorities refused to believe her when she
informed them that I was not her husband--they thought it was a ruse
invented by her to get her husband out of prison; but she was kind
enough to bring a lawyer to see me on the subject
 Mr
 Deediddle was a
middle-aged man, with a very red nose and a ponderous stomach, evidently
a devout worshiper of Bacchus
 I don’t think I ever before saw such a
red nose on a man’s face
 He was a perfect talking machine; and I was
rather distrustful of him, but he assured me that there would be no
difficulty in securing my release


“‘Fact is, Mr
 Demar, I’m an old hand at the pump--no cure no pay, is my
motto,’ said Mr
 Deediddle, as he wiped the perspiration from his brow
with a red handkerchief of enormous size
 ‘Fact, Mr
 Demar, I have
walked in the legal harness for twenty years; what I don’t know about
law ain’t printed yet
 Fact, Mr
 Demar--never lost half a dozen cases in
my life
 Fact, sir, and when you get me on a _Habeas Corpus_, I can beat
the inventor of the writ
 Ah, sir, that’s a glorious writ
 Fact, sir,
it’s the paladium of liberty--it’s the Alpha and Omega of American
freedom
 Fact, sir, I’ll pry you out of this horrible place, sir, with
this great lever of the law--this center pole of the prisoner’s castle
of hope
 Fact is, Judge Flaxback always yields to me--he is very fond of
whist, and I always let him win, then he returns the favor when making
decisions
 Fact, sir, he never decides against me--he always stops with
me during court--he loves good wine--I always keep the very best
 Fact,
sir, I keep him full; but business is business, you know, Mr
 Demar--no
cure no pay
 I believe I told you that was my motto--yes, sure enough I
did; but a retainer, you know, is always customary--a small
retainer--say fifty dollars
 Fact is, Mr
 Demar, business is business,
you know
’

“I gave him fifty dollars as quickly as I could, and would have given
him double that sum, if he had demanded it


“‘For Heaven’s sake, Mr
 Deediddle,’ said I, ‘get me out of this
miserable place, and you shall be well paid
’

“‘Fact is, sir, you shall be out before to-morrow night
 Judge Flaxback
is to be in town this very day, and I’ll have a _Habeas Corpus_ served
on the sheriff immediately
’

“I was glad when he went away; it was but a short while before he
returned, accompanied by the circuit court clerk, who came to administer
the oath, that I had to make in order to procure the writ
 I made the
oath, and again was left alone, when bright rays of hope began to steal
in on me
 I laid myself down on my hard bed, and began to gaze at
Lottie’s picture; my mind was so intensely fixed on the dear image that
I did not hear the jailer when he opened the door


“‘Thanks be to Heaven, Eddie, I have found you at last
’ exclaimed Harry
Wallingford, as he sank down by my side and burst into tears
 ‘I am the
vilest wretch that ever disgraced the face of this green earth
 I have
spread misery and ruin around all who loved me
 I have broken Lottie’s
heart, and she is dying
 Doctor Dodson says she cannot live three days
longer
 Why was I ever created? I dare not ask you to forgive me
 If
remorse could kill, I would have been dead long ago--there is a flaming
fire consuming my vitals--yet it will not kill me
 Lottie will die with
a curse on her lips against me, for she believes I have murdered you,
and it will be too late to undeceive her, for she is failing fast
 I
have killed the sweetest sister that mortal man ever had
 Eddie, I would
give the world, if it was all mine, to recall the past--if I could only
atone for the crimes that I have committed
 Poor Viola has been tried
and convicted, while Lottie was too ill to know anything about it
 They
have kept the awful news from her, but she soon will leave this wicked
world
’

“He then sank helplessly on the floor and groaned aloud
 I could only
stare at the unhappy boy whose rashness had caused all this misery
 I
felt no enmity toward him
 I pitied him from the very bottom of my
heart
 I remembered how he had loved Viola, and how he must have
suffered on her account
 Then I thought of his love for Lottie, and knew
that the errors he had committed were caused by his love for his sister

As soon as I could sufficiently command my feelings to enable me to
talk, I began to do what I could to console him


“‘There is no reason why you should feel remorse at all; grief comes
natural under such circumstances; remorse is the pain produced by a
consciousness of guilt; guilt cannot exist where there has been no
willful intent
 The mistakes you have committed were errors of judgment,
not of the heart
 It is the intent that constitutes the crime
 You were
prompted to act by love for your sister, and I feel more inclined to
approve than to condemn you
 I have always loved you--I love you yet;
and if Lottie could live, we would all be happy again
 Rise up, I pray
you; let us forget the past, and work together to repair the errors
committed
 I promise you that, so far as my feelings are concerned, no
ill-will ever shall find lodgment in my poor heart against you
’

“‘Eddie, you are different from all other men
 Your heart is more noble,
more generous and more forgiving than others’, it is a knowledge of that
fact that makes my conscience condemn me
 You should have cut my
unworthy head off when I gave you that insulting blow
 If you knew how
my conscience gnaws and burns me for that mean, despicable act, you
would indeed pity me
’

“‘You should not feel so about that, because you thought I had betrayed
your sister, and it is a brother’s duty to protect the honor of his
sister
 The truth is, I think under the same circumstances I should
have acted as you did
 From what I heard, Mr
 Debar resembles me so much
that it requires close inspection to tell one from the other
 Now, you
saw Debar with his wife in Memphis, and mistook him for me
 You
naturally concluded that I had deceived and betrayed your sister

Believing that to be so, you determined to punish her betrayer
 Harry, I
admire you for it; don’t ask me to forgive you, for there is nothing to
be forgiven
’

“‘Yes, but for my rashness, coupled with my unpleasant temper, all the
trouble might have been avoided
 You could have explained everything,
but I did not give you a chance
 There is where I committed the
unpardonable error that has ruined all of us
’

“‘I hope that things are not so bad as you seem to think
 We must act
now, and that promptly
 A dispatch must be sent to Doctor Dodson without
delay; and if you will go and procure a messenger to take it to the
nearest telegraph office, I will write the dispatch while you are
getting the messenger ready
 See that he is well mounted, on a good
horse, for he must make at least eight miles per hour; it is twenty-four
miles from here to the nearest telegraph office
 Tell the messenger that
he shall have as much money as he wants, if he will make speed
 Go
quickly--make the necessary arrangements while I write the dispatch
’

“He hurried from the jail instantly, while I penned the following
message:

     “‘DOCTOR DODSON--Tell dear Lottie I am well and safe; will be home
     day after to-morrow
 Harry is with me, and everything is explained

     A man resembling me very much killed Clanton; he was imprisoned to
     await his trial--he escaped--I was arrested and detained, under a
     mistaken belief that I was the criminal
 It is a mere mistake of
     personal identity
 The real criminal was in Memphis
 Harry saw him
     there with his wife, and thought it was I--hence his enmity toward
     me
 It was all a mistake; everything is now understood
 I will be
     released to-morrow on habeas corpus
 Save dear Lottie’s life
 Tell
     her to live for my sake
 Send me a dispatch every ten minutes till
     I come
’

“By the time the dispatch was ready Harry returned, accompanied by an
intelligent looking lad about eighteen years old, who promised to be at
the telegraph office with the dispatch inside of three hours
 I handed
him fifty dollars, and directed him to wait at the office for an answer


“‘Leave your horse at the station, and procure a fresh one, and when the
answer comes, bring it to me immediately
 I shall want you to carry
another dispatch as soon as you bring the answer to this one
 I will pay
all the expenses and remunerate you to your entire satisfaction; then I
will give you as a present this fine gold watch
’

“The lad’s bright black eyes fairly blazed with delight as I held up the
pretty prize before him


“‘You may trust me, sir; I’ll deliver this dispatch in two hours and a
half from this moment
’

“Before the last word was out of his mouth, he was half way down-stairs,
and two seconds afterward I heard the clatter of his horse’s hoofs as he
dashed down the road
 I stood and listened until the sound grew faint,
then died away


“‘Eddie,’ said Harry, ‘if God only would let dear Lottie live, I would
spend the remainder of my life on my knees, pouring out earnest thanks
to Him
 I would discard pride and self-love, and endeavor to control
this unfortunate temper of mine, and devote my days to His service
’

“‘I am so glad to hear you talk that way; maybe God will think of your
good resolve, and reward it by saving her life
 Somehow, I have a hope
that we shall hear favorable news when our messenger returns--I cannot
think that I am never again to behold those beautiful blue eyes; I can’t
realize it
 The ways of Providence are full of mystery, but we know they
are ever just; and knowing this to be so induces me to cling to the hope
that our Lottie will be spared
 It is my candid opinion that if she had
been well Viola would have been cleared, because she was in possession
of strange facts, in connection with the case, which would have produced
a different verdict
’

“‘Ah
 my poor sister may have believed in Viola’s innocence, in fact, I
know she did; but that belief was founded on friendship instead of
facts
 No, the proof was full and complete, and Mr
 Rockland told me
that during his thirty years’ practice he had never known the guilt of a
prisoner so fully established
 You no doubt imagine that you have
suffered much, but your cause of sorrow is very slight when compared
with mine
 If poor Lottie dies, the loss will be as much mine as yours;
for you cannot love her more than I do; and when she leaves us she will
go direct to Heaven, where you can go to meet her
 But how different is
it with Viola; I loved her as well as you loved Lottie; no man ever
loved a woman more devotedly than I loved her
 I might have borne to see
her die, if she was as well prepared to meet God as Lottie is; but when
I know that she is forever lost to me, and perhaps her soul is lost,
too, I feel and know that I cannot bear it
’

“‘The pardoning power of God is unlimited; Christ did not die for
righteous people alone, but to redeem sinners; and if you will have
faith in Him, and serve Him with all your heart, you may be permitted to
meet Viola in Heaven after all
 But here comes Mr
 Deediddle to talk
about the _habeas corpus_
 Let us hear what he has to communicate
’

“Mr
 Deediddle came blustering in, and it was with some difficulty that
he squeezed his ponderous body through the small door of my cell


“‘Ah
 confound such small doors
’ he muttered, as he began to brush the
dust off his coat with his red bandana
 ‘I can’t see why people make
such small doors, anyway
 Well, Demar, I dropped in merely to let you
know that we are all right--Judge Flaxback has made the habeas corpus
returnable at nine o’clock to-morrow morning; he is to spend the night
with me
 Fact, sir, here’s his note accepting my invitation
 I’ll wine
him, dine him, and card him to-night
 I’ll play whist with him all
night, and let him win; that will settle our case all right; fact, sir,
trust me to manage his sort
’

“‘But, Mr
 Deediddle, I would prefer that no underhand means should be
used in my case
 I can prove my identity beyond all doubt
’

“‘Oh
 no doubt you can, Mr
 Demar, but what good will proof do when the
mind of the court is against you
 Fact, sir, you had better let me
manage the case in my own way
 Fact is, I am an old hand at the pump;
been in harness over a quarter of a century; I am the man to pry you
out--wine and whist are the great levers to pry with before Flaxback

Fact is, he can’t get round ’em
’

“Mr
 Deediddle rattled away for nearly an hour, and I was glad when he
took his departure
 He had been gone but a few minutes when Mrs
 Debar
came in
 Harry gazed at her in great astonishment for several seconds,
then said:

“‘Eddie, this is the lady I saw in Memphis, in that old brick house, and
I thought I saw you there with her
’

“‘It was my husband, sir, and not Mr
 Demar
 We were stopping in an old
dilapidated brick house; my husband was waiting for some money to be
sent to him
 He made his escape from this jail and went to Memphis; I
followed him, and one night we fled, as we learned that detectives were
following us
 I have just received a letter from my husband; he is in
Matamoras, Mexico, and I am going to meet him as soon as Mr
 Demar is
released
’

“‘I see through it all now--you and your husband left Memphis on the
very night when Demar was arrested at Horn Lake; this unlucky
coincidence led me to believe that he had eloped with you, and had been
false to my sister
 Acting on this belief, I have committed an
unpardonable blunder, and caused my sister’s death and ruined all my
friends
’

“As Mrs
 Debar wiped the fast falling tears from her eyes, she said: ‘I
am truly sorry to hear of your misfortunes, but hope things are not so
serious as you seem to think
 I, too, have had my share of trouble; my
poor husband has been compelled to exile himself from his country when
he was innocent
 I love him, and I mean to go where he goes; I will
share his sorrows, and do my best to make him happy
 It is true that my
husband killed Mr
 Clanton, but he did it in self-defense, and would
have been able to prove it, but unfortunately, the only witness who saw
the whole transaction died soon after the killing
’

“Mrs
 Debar now went away, leaving me alone with Harry
 She promised to
be present on the next morning at the trial, to give her evidence, which
would, of course, be greatly in my favor


“It was after night, and just six hours from the time my messenger had
started with my dispatch, when he came dashing into my cell with an
answer
 He had made the round trip, a distance of forty-eight miles, in
six hours
 He informed me that he had to wait at the office just one
hour for the answer, so he had done the traveling in five hours


“My hand trembled when I took the dispatch from the messenger, and well
it might, for I knew that little paper would tell a tale that would seal
my fate
 It would tell me whether or not those charming blue eyes were
ever again to gaze on me
 It would decide whether or not I was ever to
clasp dear Lottie to my heart again
 I hesitated, and looked at Harry,
but saw no encouragement there
 He was as pale as death, and trembling
from head to foot, and seemed to have ceased to breathe


“‘Eddie,’ he gasped, ‘you may be prepared to hear the very worst, for
her case was hopeless when I left home
 That telegram will either tell
you she is dead, or that she is dying
’

“‘Heaven have mercy
’ I exclaimed, as I glanced over the contents of the
dispatch
 My worst fears were realized--my darling was dying


“It is useless for me to try to describe how I felt when I read the
fatal news
 No one can understand or appreciate it even if I could
select words to tell how great was my misery
 It was over half an hour
before either of us spoke, and there is no telling when the silence
would have been broken, had it not been for the messenger


“‘Will you wish to send another dispatch?’ inquired the lad, who had
been silently witnessing this painful scene
 ‘If you do, sir, I can be
ready to go again as soon as I can eat a bite and procure a fresh
horse
’

“‘I shall want to send another dispatch at daylight in the morning
’

“My audience will readily understand what cause for grief I had when the
dispatch is read
 Here it is,

     “‘DEAR EDDIE--The welcome news of your safety received, would to
     Heaven it had come a week sooner--it would have saved our dear
     Lottie’s life; but, alas
 It came too late
 Put your trust in God,
     my unfortunate boy, and bear your great sorrow as becomes a brave
     man
 Lottie cannot possibly live more than forty-eight hours
     longer
 She is sinking very fast
 Her mind is perfectly clear, and
     when your dispatch was read to her she smiled sweetly as her eyes
     brightened up, then closing them, the tears began to stream from
     them
 She pressed your picture to her lips, and said:

     “‘“Poor Eddie, how glad I would be to see him before I die
 Then I
     wish to see brother Harry, so he can forgive the wrong I have done
     him
 I thought he had killed Eddie, and refused to believe him when
     he denied it
”

     “‘She talks of you and Harry all the time
 I wish it were so that
     you could get here before she dies
 You might do it, if you get
     released in time for the up-train to-morrow evening
 I will send
     another dispatch early in the morning


     “‘DODSON
’

“I had sent up so many silent but earnest prayers to God, in which I had
implored and begged Him to let my dear Lottie live, that I was loth to
believe He would take her from me
 I could not realize the fact that her
beautiful young person was to be consigned to the grave
 When I had seen
her last she was the very picture of health and life, her fair cheeks
all aglow with vivacity, her large expressive eyes filled with evidences
of hope, and her elastic step indicating strength and vigor
 Now how was
I to realize the fact that all this strength, health and vigor were
gone, while that fair form was struggling in the very arms of death? The
fact is, I was so bewildered with grief that I was unable to think
correctly on the subject


“Harry spent the night in my cell, and I can assert truthfully that he
was more completely subdued by his deep grief than he ever had been
before
 I think that a great change was wrought in him on that occasion,
which has since proved of no little benefit to him
 His indomitable
pride was partially cured, and his haughty spirit completely humbled; he
threw himself prostrate on the floor, calling aloud to God for help
 He
did not rise from the floor during the night, though he never closed his
eyes in sleep; sometimes he would remain silent for several
minutes--perhaps he was praying; then again he would seem to be
convulsed with his great sorrow
 I paced the floor in silence, for I was
sunk so deep in despair that I was scarcely able to command my voice
 My
heart yearned for freedom; my mind flew to Memphis and looked at my
darling as she was wrestling with death


“The first gray streaks of approaching dawn that came stealing through
my small window were indeed a welcome sight to me
 As soon as it was
light enough to enable me to see to write, I penned a message to be
immediately sent to Doctor Dodson
 The messenger was promptly on hand at
six o’clock, ready with a fresh horse to start with my dispatch, and
long before the sun began to peep over the eastern hills he was dashing
with great speed toward the telegraph office
 He would be back with
fresh news by eleven o’clock, by which time I had reason to believe I
would be restored to liberty, and then I would fly to my darling
 After
the messenger was gone I instructed Harry to go out to the village and
secure two of the best horses that could be found, and to have them
ready saddled and hitched in the court-house yard, in order that we
might be off instantly after the trial should be over
 I knew that the
trial would not consume much time, as the proof would be ample and
unquestionable, and I thought maybe we might be able to start by ten
o’clock


“The rough blacksmith who had riveted the irons on my leg was employed
the evening before the trial to cut them off, and I was enabled to
secure a little exercise
 In his rough, uncouth manner, the blacksmith
apologized for the unkindness he had shown toward me when fastening the
manacles on my limbs
 As I was not in a mood to cherish ill-will, I
accepted the blunt apology and extended my hand to the honest mechanic,
who seized and gave it a hearty shake


“‘Never saw two peas more alike than you and Debar
 No wonder the
officer took you for Debar; I was ready to swear that you were the
identical man
 It’s lucky they found out the blunder, ain’t it? They
might have hung you by mistake; that would have been rather awkward,
wouldn’t it?’

“I made no answer to this strange inquiry, for I was thinking about
other things


“Harry returned soon, and informed me that he had been so fortunate as
to secure two splendid young horses, whose owner had informed him that
they could take us to the station in two hours and a half, without any
danger of hurting them
 My dungeon door was now thrown open, and all
restraint on my movements withdrawn


“‘I thought you were the same scamp who broke jail and left me with the
bag to hold,’ said the jailer
 ‘Everybody was down on me for letting
Debar get away when I couldn’t help it--some rascal furnished him with
tools, and I knew nothing about it until he was gone; therefore, when
they brought you here I thought you were the same man, and I didn’t care
to be kind to the man who had acted so badly as Debar
 You are the very
image of Debar, and then your name sounds so much like his
 I can detect
a slight difference in the color of your hair and that of Debar; then he
had a small scar on his forehead, just above the left eye
 It was very
slight, and quite small, not over half an inch long
 I have his
photograph here, and if you will look close you can see the scar very
plain
’

“I looked at the picture, and sure enough the scar could be plainly
seen
 This circumstance of itself would justify Judge Flaxback in
ordering my release; in fact, the trial would be a mere form to be
complied with, as everybody now admitted that a mistake had been
committed
 The villagers discussed it on the street corners, and laughed
over it, cracking their jokes, little dreaming of the awful consequences
that had resulted to me by the mistake
 I dare say that a vastly
different feeling would have permeated the breasts of those people if
they could have witnessed the dying agonies of poor Lottie Wallingford

If they had known how my heart was broken by the sad mistake, they would
not have been laughing and joking about the matter as if it were a very
funny coincidence
 I could not eat my breakfast--my appetite was gone,
but I drank a cup of warm tea, which the jailer’s wife was kind enough
to bring to me
 She seemed to sympathize with me when she found out how
deeply I had been wronged
 I looked at my watch every five minutes; I
was full of impatience
 It seemed that nine o’clock would never
come--but nevertheless it did come at last
 The town clock began to
strike, when the jailer said it was time to go
”




CHAPTER XXVI



During the short recess the queen had agreed to allow, which was granted
at the request of the Barbarian Chief, the excursionists assembled in
various little groups on different parts of the boat, while most of
them were discussing the merits of Ingomar’s story
 George and the Duke
of Wellington were seated apart from the other passengers, deeply
interested in an animated discussion--the subject being the eccentric
movements of the black domino and the unusual sadness of the queen


“My lord,” observed the king, “did you notice that the queen fainted
when those two men arrested Demar?”

“Of course I did
 and that is not all--the lady in the black domino
fainted, too, when the Barbarian Chief was arrested
”

“Now, I would like very much to know who this Barbarian Chief is, and
why both of those women should manage to faint about him
 I have never
been so fortunate as to have as much as one woman care enough about me
to faint for me
”

“As to that, I am decidedly of the opinion that you have lost nothing on
that score; but, between you and me, there is something mysterious
connected with that woman in the black domino
 So far as the queen is
concerned, I imagine that she is one of those good-hearted, sympathetic
women, the kind who have more tears than talent--a sort of Niobe
”

“Look at that man yonder leaning against the corner of the Texas, and
see if you can discover anything singular about him
”

“Why, that is Henry of Navarre; of course there is nothing strange about
him
 Why do you ask the question?”

“He is not the man who wore that uniform when we started from Memphis
”

“Why do you conclude that he is not the one who personated Navarre at
the ball?”

“He is not quite so tall, but has a more dignified carriage; and then he
does not mingle with us, or participate in any of our amusements, as the
real Navarre did
 The original Napoleon has also slipped out of his
costume, and a counterfeit has slipped in; and the strangest part of the
mystery is that no one knows what has become of the parties who
originally personated Navarre and Napoleon
 Now if this is done in order
to enable those men to play a little joke on the ladies, there is no
harm in it, but I suspect that some sort of mischief is afloat
 I guess
it will appear in the wind-up that these two men, and the black domino,
are in some way interested in each other; and you may be sure, if they
are, that it will produce mischief
”

“The truth is, we are all engaged in playing a farce, and I am heartily
ashamed of my part of it--it reminds me of Shakespeare’s ‘Much Ado About
Nothing
’”

“I cannot by any means indorse that idea, for I have been very much
interested in Ingomar’s story
”

“It is too tedious
 Give me something lively--something to make me
laugh--such as ‘Bill Arp,’ or ‘Artemus Ward,’ ‘Don Quixote,’ or ‘Mark
Twain
’”

“I prefer love stories
 I like to read about women who prefer death to a
loveless marriage, and men who are always getting into scrapes in
attempting to protect virtue
”

“I guess, then, you like the ‘Bride of Lammermoor’ and the ‘Talisman’?”

“Yes, and all the other thrilling novels written by Sir Walter Scott
”

Don Quixote now came up and joined the king and duke in the
conversation, which soon drifted back to the lady in the black domino


“By the by,” exclaimed Don Quixote, “I think that mysterious woman is
about to stir up a row between Napoleon and Navarre
 The cauldron is
boiling and bubbling furiously, and blood is on the face of the moon
”

“How do you know that blood is on the moon, when that planet is on the
other side of the globe?”

“Of course you understand I was speaking metaphorically as to that; but
really, I should not be at all surprised to hear of a requisition being
made for pistols and coffins for two
 To be more explicit, I think a
duel is on the tapis
”

“Now, sir knight,” said the duke, “if you are in possession of any news
that will in any manner relieve our minds about that strange woman, I
earnestly beg you to let us hear it at once; for you know what a deluge
of curiosity she has manufactured on this boat
”

“I am very sorry to be unable to furnish any information on that point
of a reliable nature--all is conjecture as far as the black domino is
concerned; she has had a long interview with the captain
 I happened to
hear enough of the conversation to convince me that Navarre and
Napoleon were the parties discussed; then the captain appeared to be
angry, and I distinctly heard him mutter an oath or two, after he parted
with the black domino
 Colonel Confed informed me that a duel was likely
to be fought, and that the lady in the black domino was at the bottom of
it, but he refused to mention the names of the parties to the quarrel;
though I am convinced from what I have heard that Navarre and Napoleon
are to be the combatants
”

“I guess it will turn out to be a tempest in a teapot, or a mouse born
of a mountain,” replied the duke, as he handed the king and Don Quixote
a fresh cigar; “I wish,” continued the duke, “that Colonel Confed and
General Camphollower would cease their continual clamor about politics;
they have bored every man on this boat half to death, and each one seems
to imagine that the fate of the nation depends on his opinions
”

“They have succeeded in bridging the bloody chasm; but they have split
on the state rights question; they have generously consented that the
war shall be considered at an end
”

“Now, that indeed was very kind of them, for I dislike to hear people
continually harping on the war; but let that pass, and we will go back
to the subject
 Did you tell the captain that Napoleon and Navarre were
interlopers, intruders, counterfeits, wolves in sheep’s clothing?”

“How could I impart information that I did not possess myself? What do
you mean by intruders, interlopers, etc
, etc
?”

Then the duke imparted to Don Quixote the grounds of his suspicion


“They are not the same men who personated Navarre and Napoleon at the
ball; I would risk anything on the truth of my assertion; and they are
both spotting the black domino
”

“If that is true,” replied Don Quixote, “it is our duty to mention it to
the captain without delay; and, gentlemen, I further suggest that we
combine our wits, and, if possible, prevent any hostile meeting, if such
is contemplated by any of our excursionists
 In the first place, I am
opposed to the barbarous practice of dueling upon principle; then it is
prohibited by the laws of the land, and positively contrary to God’s
holy ordinances
 In addition to all these objections, we must remember
that a duel might put an end to all of our innocent amusements;
therefore I wish to know whether you will co-operate with me in the
effort to prevent it?”

“We certainly think your views very correct, and will gladly join you in
your peaceful mission; but I am of the opinion that it is a false
alarm
”

It required some ten or fifteen minutes to collect the entire party, for
they were scattered about the boat, deeply interested in conversation

Nearly every one of the maskers had been discussing the mysterious woman
in the black domino
 At length the queen ascended her throne, and, after
a moment’s pause, ordered Ingomar to proceed


“When I was conducted into the court-room by the deputy sheriff, his
Honor, Judge Flaxback, occupied the judicial bench; fixing his little
round eyes on me, he surveyed me like a snake endeavoring to charm a
bird
 A large crowd of village idlers had assembled in the house,
attracted there, no doubt, by the peculiarity of the case
 Flaxback
reminded me of an Egyptian mummy that I had seen in a museum
 He was a
little dried-up specimen of decaying humanity, exhibiting in his person
and dress unmistakable evidence of dissipation and dilapidation
 His
nose had evidently been broken with a heavy blow of some sort, for an
ugly scar was apparent running horizontally across his face, while his
nostrils flared outward, presenting rather an ugly appearance
 He rested
his chin on a plank in front of his seat, and continued to gaze at me
with a lazy, half-asleep sort of a stare that caused my cheeks to burn
with indignation
 Every man in the room had his eyes riveted on me,
staring with open mouth as children do at an elephant, while Flaxback
seemed to be waiting for the inspection to be completed before
proceeding with the case
 When a drop of blood starts from such a man’s
heart, with a view of making a journey to his extremities to furnish a
little life to them, it bids a long adieu to its home, knowing that the
chances are ten to one in favor of its freezing to death on the way
 I
sat and impatiently watched the strange looking judge, wondering why he
did not proceed to dispose of my case
 He continued to eye me for full
thirty seconds, and then in a voice sounding like that made with a file
when being need to sharpen a handsaw, he ordered the clerk to read the
sheriff’s return on the writ of _habeas corpus_


“‘No return made, sir,’ said the clerk, as he began to grab
promiscuously about, snatching up every paper in sight, and looking as
if he were hunting for a small hole to crawl into


“‘Where’s the sheriff?’ demanded the judge, in a voice which was
evidently meant to be loud and threatening, but which really did not
amount to a respectable whine


“‘Fact is, may it please your Honor,’ said Mr
 Deediddle, ‘the sheriff
has just stepped over to Mr
 Dick Sninkle’s saloon to get a glass of
_water_
’

“A smile might have been seen on the faces of a majority of the
spectators--they all knew that water did not agree with the sheriff
 The
officer soon made his appearance, and the judge asked him why he had
neglected to return the writ


“‘The writ commanded me to bring the body of Edward Demar before the
court, and here he is; what else could I do?’

“‘Mr
 Clerk,’ said Flaxback, ‘enter a fine of ten dollars against Mr

Postholder, for failing to return the writ, and unless the return is
instantly made, the fine will be doubled
’

“The sheriff was so badly confused that he did not know what he was
about; he cast an imploring look at the clerk, made a dash at a pile of
papers on the clerk’s desk, then looked up at the ceiling, like an old
duck listening for thunder when her puddle had gone dry


“While all this nonsense was being exhibited, I was sitting there
suffering indescribable torture; every moment of time seemed to be worth
a mint of money to me, yet it was being wasted by those people as if it
were valueless
 There is no telling when the farce would have ended, but
for Harry’s thoughtfulness
 He took the writ, and in three minutes wrote
out the return and requested the sheriff to sign it, which he was very
glad to do; he would have signed his own death warrant then without
objection
 Mr
 Deediddle now made a raid to the front, and began to
address the court


“‘Fact is, your Honor, it is unnecessary to enter into an investigation
of the circumstances connected with the murder of Mr
 Clanton, as this
is purely a question of personal identity
 If the prisoner at the bar
is not Edward Debar, why of course he will be discharged--fact,
sir--fact
’

“The district attorney consented that the investigation might be
confined to the question of personal identity


“‘Swear your witness, Mr
 Clerk,’ growled the judge


“The clerk began to hunt for the Bible


“‘Why don’t you swear your witnesses, Mr
 Clerk?’ screamed the judge
impatiently


“The clerk became more confused; he grabbed up a book which he thought
was the Bible, but when he found out that it was Mark Twain’s ‘Innocents
Abroad,’ he let it fall on the floor, and began to grab at everything in
the shape of a book


“‘If you don’t swear these witnesses, Mr
 Clerk, I’ll send you to jail
’
screamed Flaxback


“By this time the clerk could have been passed off as a first-class
maniac; his actions were frightful; he threw out both hands in every
direction, and at last snatched up George’s Digest, and swore the
witnesses on it before he discovered his mistake


“‘Mrs
 Debar was put on the stand first
 She testified to the fact that
while I was very much like her husband, I was not the man
 The district
attorney put her through a rigid cross-examination--not because he
thought she was swearing falsely, but he had a suspicion that she had
aided her husband in making his escape


“‘Mrs
 Debar,’ said the district attorney, ‘didn’t you smuggle the tools
into the jail to enable your husband to effect his escape?’

“Harry sprang to his feet in a moment, his eyes flashing with anger; I
trembled, because I was afraid he was going to commit some imprudent act
that might detain us, when I was so anxious to be flying toward Lottie;
but I had cause to change my mind very soon, for he made a modest, but
eloquent, appeal to the court in behalf of the unfortunate wife, who was
in tears


“‘I appeal to this honorable court,’ said he, ‘to protect this
unfortunate lady; her condition is such as to entitle her to the
sympathies of all good men
 The law does not require her to answer
questions that would tend to criminate her; and even if the law did not
protect her, the dictates of common humanity should be a sufficient
motive to induce the honorable attorney for the State to withdraw such a
question
 We must remember that we have been taught to admire the
devotion which a wife feels for her husband
 A true wife will not
forsake her husband when misfortunes overtake him; but the greater his
troubles are the closer she will cling to him; and it should prompt
every true gentleman to respect the noble sentiment of love that induces
her to do it
’

“When Harry took his seat a murmur of approval was heard among the
spectators, and the district attorney said:

“‘I fully indorse the sentiments so eloquently expressed by my young
friend, and will therefore not press the question further; I will also
say to the court that I am fully satisfied that Mr
 Demar has been
unjustly imprisoned
 I was well acquainted with Edward Debar; and I
hesitate not to say that I never saw two men so much alike as he and Mr

Demar; though if they were both present I think a considerable
difference might be detected
 Debar had a slight scar over his left eye,
which alone would be sufficient to distinguish him from the prisoner now
at the bar
 I therefore give my consent, if the court please, that Mr

Demar may be discharged
’

“‘Let the prisoner be discharged, Mr
 Sheriff,’ growled the judge, as he
ordered the officer to adjourn court, and the great farce was ended


“No doubt the judge and all of his officers imagined that they had done
for me a very great favor in releasing me, for which it was my duty to
feel grateful
 Now, I am in favor of a faithful enforcement of the laws;
but the law is often used by unworthy men as a means of oppression

Judicial murder has been committed in the State where I was so unjustly
punished by imprisonment
 The case of young Boynton, mentioned by Mr

Wharton in his treatise on criminal law, might be cited in proof of
this
 That poor boy was hung by the neck until he was dead for a crime
he did not commit
 He was a mere lad, only eighteen
 He was charged with
the murder of Mr
 Ellis; and when he was led out by the sheriff to be
executed, he began to scream and beg the spectators to save him,
declaring before God that he was innocent
 He leaped from the scaffold
into the arms of the assembled multitude, imploring them to protect
him
 Poor boy
 he was put to death, and before his body had mingled,
with the dust the real murderer died, and on his death-bed confessed
that he had murdered Mr
 Ellis, and that young Boynton was innocent

This scene was enacted in a county adjoining the one where I had been so
unjustly held as a prisoner
 Who shall be able to repair the injury so
wrongfully inflicted on me? Who will ever know the extent of the wrong?

“Three minutes had scarcely elapsed after my release, when Harry and I
were mounted on our high-mettled steeds, and dashing down the road at a
rapid speed
 I knew that if we got to the station in time to meet the
north-bound train, we would have to press our horses to their utmost
powers
 Our steeds were young, vigorous and full of good mettle, and
needed no whip or spur to urge them on


“‘Let them go as fast as you like,’ said the owner of the noble animals,
as he handed me the reins; ‘they have excellent bottom, and will carry
you as swift as the wind
’

“We had much uneven ground to pass over, many tall hills to climb and
innumerable gullies to leap, but we never halted--on, on we dashed


“We had placed ten miles of ground between us and the village of P----
when I saw the courier coming at a gallop to meet me; his horse was
foaming with perspiration, convincing me that he had been hard pressed

The lad dashed up, and handed me a dispatch


“‘I had to wait two hours at the office before the answer came,’ said
the boy, as he placed the envelope in my hand


“This time I was prepared for the awful news; hence I did not feel such
a shock as I had felt when the other dispatch was handed to me, though
the news was worse than that contained in the first telegram
 But you
would probably understand matters better by hearing the telegram read;
it is from Doctor Dodson, who remained with Lottie all the time:

     “‘DEAR EDDIE--Your second message was received
 I deeply regret
     that I have nothing but the worst news to communicate--our darling
     Lottie is slowly but surely passing away
 She may possibly live
     twenty-four hours longer, though I think she will die to-night
 I
     would be so glad if you and Harry could get here before she dies,
     because she expresses such great anxiety to see you
 She says she
     does not feel a particle of pain
 God seems to be merciful in that
     respect Her mind remains perfectly clear, and she converses
     rationally, but most of her conversation is about you and Harry
 I
     believe if she could see you it would greatly relieve her mind, and
     that then she would pass away without a struggle
 If you could
     reach home to-night you might see her before she dies
 May God, in
     His great mercy, give you courage and strength to bear this great
     loss with becoming fortitude
 DODSON
’

“As soon as I finished reading this telegram I handed it to Harry, then
told the messenger to go to the village and remain till morning, so as
to give his horse the necessary rest, and the next day to go back to the
station and get our horses and deliver them to the owner
 I presented
him my fine gold watch, as a reward for his faithful services, then
dashed away as fast as my gallant steed could carry me


“When we were within five miles of the station Harry looked at his watch
and observed:

“‘If we get to the station in time for the up-train we will have a close
race indeed; we have only twenty minutes to make the five miles
’

“I did not believe that I was doing wrong on that occasion when I urged
my noble horse forward to the very top of his speed
 I knew it would
distress and press him both for us to make it in time, yet I believed he
could do it without endangering his life
 My conclusions were correct;
for we did dismount at the station as the train dashed into the streets
of the little town
 We gave our horses in charge of the livery stable
keeper, and stepped on the platform just as the train began to move


“I wish I could convey to my audience a correct idea of my feelings when
I began to hope I would reach home in time to see Lottie before death
claimed her
 I hastily wrote a dispatch with my pencil, intending to
have it sent forward from the next office, notifying Doctor Dodson that
we were on the train and would reach home that night
 Here is the
identical telegram--I have been careful to preserve them:

     “‘DEAR DOCTOR--We are aboard the train, and will be home to-night

     For Heaven’s sake don’t let my darling die before we come
 Send an
     answer so it will meet us at Grenada
 We are due there at eight
     o’clock
 Tell Lottie that we are begging God to spare her dear
     life
 Cheer her up with hope; I can’t bear the thought of losing my
     darling
’

“This dispatch was handed to the operator at the first office we
reached, who promised to forward it without delay
 Then I dropped down
on my seat and spent every moment in earnest prayer


“It was fifteen minutes past eight when the train arrived at Grenada,
and I believe that city is just one hundred miles from Memphis
 That is
the place where the Mississippi and Tennessee Railroad connects with the
New Orleans, St
 Louis and Chicago Railroad, and we would have to take
the Mississippi and Tennessee road to go to Memphis
 As soon as the
train halted I hastened to the telegraph office to inquire for news, as
I was expecting an answer to my last message
 I was well acquainted with
the young man who had charge of the office at Grenada--he had formerly
resided in Memphis
 He was about my own age, and we had been bosom
friends for many years
 I rushed into his presence and hurriedly
inquired if there was a dispatch in the office for me


“‘Take a seat, Demar,’ said the operator, ‘you look very ill; can I do
anything for you?’

“‘Any telegram here for me?’ I exclaimed, disregarding his kind offer


“‘Yes,’ he hesitatingly answered, ‘but you had better take a seat and
compose yourself before you read it
 The news it brings is very bad,
though I infer that you have been expecting it
’

“The objects in the room seemed to be running round, a blindness began
to close over my eyes, and I felt a smothering sensation in my throat
and lungs
 The operator very fortunately happened to think of a bottle
of spirits of camphor that he had bought from the drug-store that
day--he seized it and sprinkled my face and moistened my beard with the
liquid, which I believe prevented me from fainting
 After a few minutes
had elapsed I requested him to give me the dispatch


“‘You may give it to me now,’ I said, ‘because I am prepared for the
very worst
’

“He handed the envelope to me and I read the following words:

     “‘MY DEAR BOY--Trust in God--He alone can comfort you now--our
     darling is dying
 Death began to lay his cold hands on her dear
     body at four o’clock
 She may linger four or five hours longer, but
     I think all will be over before that time
 She expressed so much
     anxiety to see Viola that the sheriff very kindly consented to
     bring her here, and when they met it was the most affecting scene I
     ever witnessed
 I fear we committed an error in allowing Viola to
     come, because as soon as the sheriff started away with his prisoner
     Lottie became worse, and is still rapidly failing
 But how could I
     have the heart to refuse to let her see Viola, when she insisted so
     earnestly to have her sent for? Lottie leaves many messages of love
     with us to be delivered to you when you come, provided you do not
     arrive in time to receive them from her own lips


     “‘I beseech you, my dear boy, to bow submissively to the will of
     God--and remember you can meet Lottie in Heaven if you try
 You
     will also understand that you are not the only one who grieves for
     this great affliction


     DODSON
’

“‘When does the train start for Memphis?’

“‘Seven o’clock in the morning,’ replied the agent


“‘Alas
 that would be too late; all will be over before then,’ was my
reply


“‘I believe,’ said the agent, ‘that under the circumstances the
superintendent would let you have an extra train for a reasonable
compensation
 I will ask him by telegraph, if you wish it
’

‘“You are very kind, sir, and I thank you; please make the request
without delay
 Tell the superintendent that money is no object--the
value of the engine and coach is offered, and will be promptly paid if
required
 I beg you, sir, not to lose a moment
 If you only knew how
precious time is to me now, you would be in a hurry
’

“While I was urging the agent to send the message, the clicking of the
instrument under his thumb and finger indicated the fact that the
electric fluid was dashing the request into the office at Memphis
 The
dispatch was gone in three minutes
 A short conversation was then
commenced between the superintendent at Memphis and the agent at
Grenada
 As the clicking of the instrument carried the words to the ear
of the operator, he conveyed them to my ear by word of mouth


“‘Is number seven there?’ inquired the superintendent


“‘Yes,’ was the operator’s reply


“‘Is she in good running order?’

“‘I will ascertain in a moment
’

“‘Go ask Mr
 Steelbrim to come here quickly,’ said the operator to a
little negro who was dozing near the door


“The little fellow rose up, shook himself, rubbed his eyes with his
sleeve, gaped, and staggered up against the wall and said:

“‘Sir
’

“The order was quickly repeated, and the boy walked leisurely away
 It
was but a few minutes until a little dark-haired man, with long black
whiskers and large expressive eyes, entered the office
 His garments
were covered with grease and smut, and his hands were thrust deep down
in his pockets, and a don’t-care sort of expression was visible on his
face


“‘Is number seven in good running order, Mr
 Steelbrim?’ inquired the
operator


“‘Apple-pie, hunkadory, O
 K
--no mistake
 Never nothing wrong with that
old gal when under my command, you bet
’ was replied by the greasy
little man as he limped across the floor, for his left leg was shorter
by two inches than the other


“‘How long before you can heat her up and be ready to make a quick run
to Memphis, Mr
 Steelbrim?’

“‘Do it in less than no time, sir; the old gal’s pretty hot now--just
began to cool her off
 She hain’t been in more’n ten minits; but what’s
up?’

“‘An extra train to Memphis; a quick run--very important--no time to be
lost--get ready immediately; take one coach and back down here, and the
orders will be ready
’

“‘Good
 The old gal can make the run in two hours, if she has a clean
road and no bigger load than one coach
 Glad to make the run--wanted to
go to Memphis anyhow--sweetheart there--want to see her--was going to
ask for leave anyway--ten minits we’ll be off like a greased streak of
lightnin’
’

“The greasy little man moved away as if he meant business


“‘Number seven is in good order--Mr
 Steelbrim anxious to make the run,’
said the operator to the superintendent by wire


“‘Start him at 8:50 with one coach
 Let him make the run in 2:30 if he
can
 Order track to be cleared
 Tell number four to take side track at
Sardis
 Number seven will only stop two minutes at Sardis for
orders--two minutes at Hernando for same purpose--no other stop to be
made
’

“As the operator repeated this order to me hope, which I thought had
died within me, began to revive
 A glimmering hope it was indeed, yet it
was a live hope that I should once more gaze on those pretty blue eyes
before death set his cold seal on them forever
 I hurriedly wrote the
following message, which the operator sent to Dr
 Dodson:

     “‘Will leave here by special train at 8:50, and arrive at depot at
     11:20; have carriage at depot
 Tell Lottie we are coming
 For
     Heaven’s sake keep her alive till we come
 Answer this at Sardis

     Don’t fail nor lose time
 Will send another telegram from Sardis
’

“By the time this dispatch had been forwarded, Mr
 Steelbrim had moved
his engine onto the main track, and began to back down to the depot


“‘All right, cap; the old gal’s a-pantin’ to be off
 Steam one-forty and
a-risin’
 What’s the orders?’

“The operator read the orders carefully; then handed the paper to Mr

Steelbrim


“‘Good
 All aboard
’ cried the greasy little man, as he leaped on the
cab and seized the throttle-lever


“‘Pile on the coal, Jim; keep her a-bilin’; time’s up in three minits;
old gal’s a-champin’ her bits; but I’m the chap that’ll hold her on the
rail and let her fly directly
’

“Harry and I stepped aboard and took seats opposite each other in
silence
 A dim lamp struggled for life in one corner of the coach, while
a pale light cast a gloomy appearance over the seats


“‘Time’s up
’ exclaimed Mr
 Steelbrim, as he gave the lever a backward
pull, and the engine dashed rapidly away
”




CHAPTER XXVII



Miss Kate Darlington was the only daughter of Thaddeus Darlington, a
real down-eastern Yankee, who had imbibed all those unreasonable
prejudices prevailing in the New England States against all citizens of
the South
 He had been sent South by the government to look after some
defaulting revenue collectors, and after discharging that duty, he
concluded to locate in Jackson, Mississippi
 His daughter, Kate, had
received a polished education, but she had been petted and flattered
until she was pretty well spoiled
 Her disposition was gentle and kind
when things went smoothly, but she had a temper which often got the
upper hand, and then she usually made matters rather unpleasant


After the maskers had dispersed Miss Darlington stole away from the
crowd, and took a seat behind the ladies’ cabin, in order to have what
she called a day dream
 A sentiment of a mysterious nature had of late
been disturbing her mind--a strange feeling not altogether painful, and
not entirely pleasant
 A kind of joyful pain--a happy sorrow--a pleasant
fear


“What is the matter with me?” was the question she asked herself
 “What
sort of a pain is this that is mixed with delicious pleasure? How
strange that such joy can be concealed under such misery
”

While she was thus soliloquizing the image of a man would every now and
then pass across the path of her imagination
 She could see the image
plainer when her eyes were shut than with them open; and despite her
efforts to drive it away, it would keep thrusting itself before her,
sometimes in one shape, then in another, but always with the same
look--the same form; that shape was the exact counterpart of the gallant
sir knight of Ivanhoe


“Yes, it is so; I am captured at last--it is love; heigh ho
 there is no
use to struggle any longer
 What will dear papa say when he finds that I
have fallen in love with a real double and twisted rebel--a man who
fought through four years of bloody war against the union--a downright
traitor, who brags of the part he played in the rebel army? Ah, me
 how
strange it is that I should fall in love with such a man
 But didn’t
Juliet fall in love with a son of her father’s bitterest enemy? Yes;
but, alas
 what a tragic ending did that love produce
 Something tells
me that this love will end in sorrow
 But stop a moment; why should papa
be Ralleigh’s enemy? Why should I not love Captain Burk? He fought for
his country--he fought in self-defense--he battled for his life--his
liberty--his home--his mother and his sisters
 He would have been less
than a man if he had refused to fight--it would have been cowardly
 No,
he was right and I honor him for it; I love Captain Burk; papa will love
him when he knows him better
 I ought to be proud that such a man as
Captain Burk has honored me with his love
 I am proud of it
 I will
reciprocate his love; and, if papa is willing, I will be the wife of
what my people have misnamed a traitor
 Ah, me
 there is the rub
 Papa
will raise a great row when he knows how I love a rebel
”

Scottie then took out her handkerchief and wiped away the tears that
were stealing down her cheeks


“A gentleman is looking for you, miss,” said a chamber-maid who came
through the back door and approached her


“Who is it?”

“I believe they call him Divinghoe or Hivanhoe, or some such outlandish
name
”

“Where is he?”

“He is in the front part of the saloon; he sent me to hunt you
”

“Very well; you may tell him where I am, if you wish
”

But a moment elapsed before Ivanhoe was by Scottie’s side


“I have been looking all over the boat for you, Scottie
 What induced
you to hide from me?”

“I did not hide from you particularly, but I felt sad and wanted to be
alone
”

“I hope you will not be so cruel as to drive me away, when you know how
it pleases me to be by your side
”

“Oh, no
 I have had my little day dream, and am glad you came
”

“Thank you; can we have a little chat here without being interrupted?”

“Yes, I guess so; take a seat
”

“I have made another wonderful discovery
”

“What is it?”

“We have got a counterfeit emperor aboard of this boat
”

“What do you mean?”

“The real Napoleon has slipped out of his costume, and a counterfeit has
slipped in
 To be plain, a stranger got aboard somewhere, and is dressed
in Napoleon’s costume; and the real Napoleon has vamoosed the ranch--run
away, disappeared, melted into thin air, fell overboard, become extinct,
or something of the sort; anyway, the original emperor is not
comeatible
 Now, Scottie, I should like to know what you think of such
doings?”

“I will tell you in short what I think: We are all struggling in a sea
of nonsense; and I am heartily ashamed of my part of it
 I wish I were
at my father’s house--that I do; and if things don’t change pretty soon
I shall set my sails in that direction
 Napoleon is not the only one who
has been playing tricks on this boat
 Captain Quitman ought not to
permit such doings
”

“How did you get possession of the information?”

“I had had many conversations with the original Navarre; one subject in
particular had been frequently discussed between us
 A while ago I
walked up and took Navarre’s arm and began to talk about the special
subject
 He was startled when I took his arm; and I could feel his body
trembling
 After I had gone on talking for about five minutes he gave a
grunt like a wild hog and abruptly walked away, leaving me thunderstruck
with astonishment; I then discovered that he was not the real Navarre
”

“Now, Scottie, if I had been present when that scamp had the impudence
to grunt at you, I think I should have broken his head with my cane
”

“I am very glad, then, you were not present, because I am on Grant’s
platform--Let us have peace
”

“Peace is a very good thing in its proper place; but I feel very much
inclined to get up a row here
 I think I shall commit some sort of
mischief if these things don’t change very soon
 The fact is, we may
look out for squalls--some sort of deviltry is brewing aboard of this
boat certain
”

“I am of that opinion, myself; but I think we had better have nothing to
do with it
”

“That woman in the black domino keeps me on the rack all the time; and I
would not be at all surprised if it should turn out that she is at the
bottom of all this mysterious game
”

“Suppose we change the subject and let the black domino and her
co-conspirators work out their own schemes
”

“Very good
 What shall we talk about?”

“Oh, anything for a change
”

“What book is that you hold in your hand?”

“Paradise Lost
”

“I would rather see Paradise found; but how do you like Milton?”

“Too much imagination and not enough sentiment
 Such extravagant ideas

Just think of his description of the war in Heaven
 He says they plucked
up great mountains by the roots and threw them at each other’s heads

Now I think that is a little too extravagant
”

“If you like sentiment, you admire Tom Moore
”

“Ah
 you are right as to that
 Give me Moore and Burns above all others

I often steal away when at home and weep over the sweet sentimental
songs of those favorite poets
”

“Shakespeare is my poet
 Speaking of sentiment, it gushes up on every
page, and streams from every line
 Rosalind, Imogene, Juliet, Romeo,
Orlando and Hamlet--all are made to utter the most soul-stirring,
heart-melting sentiment
 But enough about poetry; take my arm and let us
go on deck and enjoy the scenery
”

As soon as they reached the upper deck, George III
 came up with a look
of mystery on his countenance


“Good morning
 I was wanting to speak a few words with you
 Perhaps you
have heard of my great mishap?”

“No
 what is it?”

“My watch was stolen from my pocket within the last thirty minutes
”

“Ah, ha
” exclaimed Scottie, “I told you so
 The whirlwind has started,
and a tornado will wind up the scene
”

“Have you any idea who was the thief?”

“Yes; but my suspicions may not be well founded
”

“May I know whom you suspect?” inquired Ivanhoe


“Yes, provided you will promise not to mention it to any one
”

“Good
 I promise, of course
”

“So do I,” said Scottie


“My suspicions point to that man who appears in Napoleon’s dress and
mask; though he is a newcomer
”

“Why not make the charge boldly, and demand the right to make a search
for the watch?” said Ivanhoe


“Let us wait and watch him, for he is bent on mischief, and we will
catch him in the act of picking some man’s pocket
”

“I beg pardon, gentlemen,” said an old man with long, white whiskers, as
he bowed very low to Ivanhoe and George III
 He was the same gentleman
who had been so often seen with the lady in the black domino leaning on
his arm
 “I have a communication to make which I consider of some
importance
 The fact is, matters are becoming somewhat complicated on
this boat; and if I might be so bold as to offer advice, I should say
that it is high time for all these young people to lay aside their
masks
 Wolves have managed to get into the flock; and mischief will be
done if matters go on in this way much longer
 A lady aboard of this
boat, whose name I am not at liberty to mention, has made a startling
disclosure to me, which portends some dire mischief
 The fact is, I am
constrained to believe, from what she told, that murder is
contemplated
”

“May we know the particulars?”

“Of course, yes; that is the very matter I wish to communicate
 If you
will be so good as to request Ingomar to join us, I would be much
obliged, as I think he ought to hear what I have to say
”

Ivanhoe went after Ingomar, and soon returned accompanied by him


“The young lady to whose sagacity I am indebted for the important
information which I am about to communicate has a history--yes, a very
strange history, full of queer incidents such as you see in novels
 The
young lady to whom I refer is the one in the black domino
 You have
often seen her leaning on my arm, gentlemen
 She is a most elegant young
lady, of remarkable beauty and superior intellect, whose protector I
have the honor to be at this time
 A combination of sad
circumstances--unfortunate events, I might say--have clouded her young
life
 You may perhaps have noticed that she has not participated in any
of the amusements in which the young people have been indulging on this
boat
 If I were at liberty to reveal the secrets of her unhappy life, I
could unfold a most distressing story; but that is a sealed book, so far
as we are concerned
 You have probably noticed a disposition on the part
of this young lady to wander about alone, seeking solitude, where she
could give free vent to her grief, and let her tears flow unnoticed by
the unsympathizing crowd
 Well, I did not approve of this course, but
was unable to prevent it; and perhaps, after all, it was fortunate that
I did not stop it, for it was during one of these solitary rambles that
the information which I am going to communicate was obtained
 She had
concealed herself on the larboard side of the boat just in front of the
wheel-house, and behind a stack of furniture, where she could meditate
alone, when two men came out and stood on the other side and held a
consultation in very low tones
 She could not hear every word that was
said, but what she did hear was of a most startling character
 As soon
as the two men stepped into the saloon the young lady came and
immediately imparted to me what she had heard
 To say I was surprised
would not convey the full meaning of what I felt
 The fact is, I was
shocked, startled, paralyzed with astonishment
 Yes, gentlemen, it is
most wonderful--I might say diabolical
 I can repeat, word for word, all
that the young lady heard, which I mean to do
 It was unfortunate,
however, that she did not see the two men--that is, she did not get a
full view of them; but she saw the head and shoulders of one of the men
as he passed through the door, and she thinks she knows who he is; but
for fear that she might be mistaken as to that, she requested me not to
mention the name of the man she suspects, which request I, of course,
must respect
 Now here is the conversation verbatim, as it was related
to me by this unfortunate young lady:

“‘He is the man, beyond question,’ said the first speaker


“‘Yes, that’s certain,’ replied number two


“‘He has lots of greenbacks,’ says number one


“‘We must have his money and his life, too
 We must first get his money,
and then settle the other matter
’

“‘Do you know how much money he has?’

“‘No; but it is way up in the thousands--and I think I may say tens of
thousands
’

“‘Good; That’s lucky; but have you matured any plan to crib the game?’

“‘Yes
’

“Then they began to talk in a whisper, and the young lady could not hear
all that was said; but ever and anon she could catch a word such as
‘Throttle him--chuck him overboard--dead men keep secrets--revenge--old
grudge--he ruined me--money good--revenge better--could steal his
money--but rather have his life
’ Then they whispered for a long time in
tones so low that the young lady could not hear what was said
 Now,
gentlemen, I guess you will indorse me when I say it is diabolical
 Who
is to be the victim? who is to be chucked overboard? That is the
question, gentlemen
 It may be you, or you, or you, or it may be me

What’s to be done? That’s the question I put; shall we sit still and
wait for the catastrophe; or shall we go to work and prevent it?”

“I can answer for one,” said Scottie, in a tone of firmness, as she rose
from her seat: “I shall leave this boat as soon as we reach Vicksburg,
and make my way to my father’s house at Jackson, Mississippi; I wash my
hands of this nonsense
”

“If Scottie leaves the boat at Vicksburg,” observed Ivanhoe, “I am
inclined to the opinion that another passenger will feel it his duty to
fall back, too
”

“I’ll fight it out on this line if it takes all summer,” said George
III
 as he walked round, describing a circle of fifteen feet
 “The man
who chucks me overboard shall go along with me; and who robs me of my
purse, only cheats himself, and does not make me poor, indeed; because
that has already been done long, long ago
”

“A man would be an expert pickpocket indeed who could steal a purse from
me,” said Ivanhoe; “I have had no use for an article of that sort for
many years; Scottie can testify truly
”

“I don’t suppose you have had any use for a purse since Confederate
money went down,” replied Scottie


“I think we had better consult Captain Quitman about this matter,”
suggested Ingomar


“Certainly, sir, I agree with you there,” observed the old gentleman
with the white whiskers, “and if you will wait a moment I will bring him
here
”

Captain Quitman soon appeared accompanied by the old gentleman


“Well,” said the captain, “what’s the question to be discussed?”

The old man related, in a rambling manner, what the young lady in the
black domino had heard
 When he had finished the narrative, he began to
stroke his long white whiskers with his left hand


“What do you think of that, sir? Yes, yes, that’s the question, Captain
Quitman; what do you think of that, sir?”

“Gammon, sir
 all gammon
” muttered the captain, as he lighted a fresh
cigar and began to puff the smoke in clouds above the old gentleman’s
head


“Gammon
 gammon
 zounds
 sir, do you apply that epithet to the young
lady who has the honor to be under my protection--I mean the young lady
whom I have the honor to protect?” The old gentleman locked his hands
under the tail of his coat, and began to prance around at a rapid rate

“Gammon
 I think you said gammon, sir
 What in the deuce do you mean by
gammon, sir? Do you know the meaning of the word, sir? I ask you that,
sir
 Do you know, sir, that gammon and humbug mean the same thing? Why,
didn’t you say the young lady was a humbug, sir, in plain terms
 Answer
me that, sir
 I’ll have you understand, sir, that this young lady is no
humbug; she is not gammon either, sir
 If you call this unhappy young
lady a humbug, sir, you shall answer for it; yes, answer for it
 Is that
plain enough for you, sir?”

“I beg pardon, sir,” said Captain Quitman, politely; “you have entirely
misunderstood me, my good friend; I had no allusion to the young lady
when I made the remark, I assure you
 I am convinced that the young lady
heard just what she stated; but I was inclined to think that the
conversation she heard was gammon, or humbug, if you please; I infer
that the conversation alluded to something that had occurred, not to a
plan for future execution
”

“You did not mean to apply the word gammon to the young lady then?”

“Certainly not
 certainly not
 I had no thought of such a thing
”

“Then, sir, there’s my hand--I forgive you, sir, with all my heart
 I am
a peaceable man--fact is, sir, I never get excited
 I am slow to anger;
I love peace, but despise the word gammon
 I don’t think such an odious
word should ever be used
 I had an uncle once who committed suicide
under circumstances of the most distressing character
 My uncle was a
very handsome young man--everybody said he resembled me
 He was a very
sensitive, melancholy man; had a fashion of looking on the dark side of
everything; the fact is, my uncle was an unhappy young man
 He fell in
love with a beautiful young widow, and for a long time he tried to
muster up courage to ask her to marry him; but it was postponed from
month to month, until another man entered the lists to contend for the
fair prize
 At first the beautiful widow was rather favorably inclined
toward my uncle
 Time went on--my uncle went on, too; so did the
beautiful widow
 After so long a time, my uncle at last, in a fit of
desperation, asked the beautiful widow to marry him
 What do you think
was her reply, sir? Why, sir, she looked him full in the face and
sneeringly said, ‘Gammon
’ The next morning my uncle’s remains were
found in a briar patch with a bullet hole through his head; and on a
sheet of paper, which he held clinched in his fist, appeared the odious
word--gammon, in large letters made in red ink
 Now, sir, you will
readily understand why I was displeased when you used that word just
now
”

“Ah, sir, I again most humbly ask your pardon--I certainly did not mean
to use the word as in any way applicable to you or the young lady
”

“Again, sir, I offer you my hand; but I fear you do not attach as much
importance to what the young lady heard as you should; in fact, sir, I
think you are mistaken when you conclude that the conversation referred
to something which had transpired at some previous time
”

“I am inclined to agree with this gentleman’s views,” observed George
III
, “because part of the conversation evidently referred to some one
on this boat who was to be the victim
 By the by, had you heard that my
watch was snatched from my pocket but an hour ago?”

“Ha
 is that so?” exclaimed Captain Quitman, who for the first time
began to look serious
 “This, indeed, is news to me--it must be looked
into; whom do you suspect?”

“The man wearing the mask and uniform of Napoleon
 There are three men
on this boat wearing costumes that were worn by other men when we left
Memphis
”

“I must confess that this information surprises me; this conduct looks
suspicious; something must be done
”

“I think all masks should at once be discarded,” observed the old
gentleman; “and I had advised that course before you came up
”

“No
 no
” said Captain Quitman, “that would prevent us from catching the
thieves
 I think I can suggest a better plan; in fact, I believe we can
manage to capture the rascals, if my plan is adopted
 We will employ
some one to watch the three suspicious men; meantime don’t mention this
matter to any one; just let me manage the case
 I’ll place guards on all
parts of the boat, both day and night, with instructions to keep an eye
on those three men
 Let the amusements proceed as if nothing had
happened--mention the matter to no one, and I’ll vouch for the result
 I
have a man on board who was in the detective service many years
 I’ll
put him on their tracks
 Your watch shall be found, if the matter is
left to me; if not, you shall be paid for it
”

“Your plan, sir, is evidently the best under the circumstances,” said
Ingomar, “because if we unmask now that would enable the thieves to
evade detection
 Let the young lady in the black domino understand that
she is not to tell any one about what she heard
”

“Do you remember the number of your watch?” inquired Captain Quitman,
addressing George III


“No
”

“What is its value?”

“I don’t know
”

“Where did you purchase it?”

“I--I, that is, I ah, hem
 I didn’t buy it at all, sir
”

“Ah
 a present then, I suppose, from some dear friend?”

“No
”

“You inherited it from deceased relations?”

“No
”

“Then how in the deuce did you come by it?”

“I borrowed it from a friend
”

“Ha
 ha
 ha
” laughed the jolly old captain, “that makes the loss a more
serious one; but never mind, you shall have your watch again soon, or
cash enough to satisfy your friend
”

“But suppose those suspicious individuals should try to leave the boat,”
said the old gentleman with the white whiskers


“I shall instruct the guards to arrest them, and compel them to unmask
and submit to a search, whenever they attempt to leave the boat
”

Ingomar and Captain Quitman then walked away, followed by the old
gentleman with the white whiskers


“Well, Scottie, I’ll give you a nickel for your thoughts
”

“Keep your nickel; and you had better not seek to know my thoughts just
now, for they are not of a very pleasant nature
 However, one idea has
found its way into my scanty brain, which I have no objection to your
knowing
”

“Let me have it, pray; any little idea of yours would be acceptable to
me
”

“The black domino is a humbug, and her guardian is an old fool; there
now, you have got at least one idea; do what you please with it
”

“Yes, and a very bright little idea it is, too; something of the same
sort has been knocking for admission at the back door of my brain-pan
for some time
”

“Ah, indeed
 I hope it did not knock very hard
”

“Scottie, dear, don’t cut so deep, pray
”

“Don’t call me ‘Scottie, dear,’ if you please; I am tired of it
 It is
time for the queen’s party to re-assemble, and I want Ingomar to hurry
through with his story, because when that is done the masks must all be
laid aside
”

“Take my arm, Scottie
”

“No, no, that’s not the style now; you take mine
”

“Good enough; anything to get you in a good humor
”

“I smell tobacco, and something else; I believe it is gin
”

“Ha, hem
 I dare say you smell tobacco, but as to gin, I expect you are
mistaken; it’s brandy
”

“Well, either is bad enough, and I despise both
”




CHAPTER XXVIII



A great change was perceptible among the merry maskers when they had
re-assembled in obedience to the orders of the queen
 The different
members of the party dropped in one at a time, taking their seats in
silence
 One circumstance happened which created some little excitement
and no little curiosity
 Henry of Navarre, who had kept away from the
party up to this time, came forward and, bowing very low to the queen,
asked permission to join the party to hear the story
 As Navarre made
his request she gave a sudden start, as if the sound of the voice had
frightened her; and a perceptible tremor was discernible in her tone as
she requested him to be seated
 Napoleon, instead of taking his seat
near the queen, took up his position by the corner of the pilot house,
some distance from the spot occupied by the other maskers
 One of the
party called to him and requested him to take his place
 He shook his
head, but made no reply; and the queen commanded Ingomar to proceed


“My good friends, I am now about to reach that part of my story which
gives me more pain than pleasure to relate; in fact, I may venture to
say that it will be all pain and no pleasure
 I would gladly skip over a
portion of the story, but that would leave a gap which would show an
unfinished job
 There is one circumstance, in this connection, which I
consider it to be my duty to mention
 During all my sufferings there was
a sustaining influence that held me up--an invisible, indescribable
presence all the time with me that kept me from dying with despair
 That
most potent influence was secured by humble, devout, sincere, secret
prayer, coupled with an unswerving determination to discharge my whole
duty under all circumstances
 This strange influence seemed to surround
me on all occasions; and it enabled me to keep my head above the huge
waves of trouble that were dashing against me with great fury
 To be
plain, I put my trust in God; and He did not forsake me
 Some people
would be disposed to sneer at sentiments of this character
 In fact, I
have often heard such sentiments ridiculed; and I have as often known
men to change from the one extreme to the other
 I knew a young man in
Memphis, a few years ago, who had occasion to change his views
 The
change was brought about in a most singular manner
 The young man was
assisting some workmen to cover a very tall house, situated on Shelby
street
 A conversation had been going on for some time among the
laborers, on the questions connected with the future state
 The young
man seemed to be the leader in the conversation


“‘I don’t believe that God answers prayers,’ said he; ‘I don’t believe
He pays any attention to the concerns of men; I never prayed in my life,
and I am healthy and happy
 I think it is simple in a man to ask God for
anything
 He knows what we want; and if He wishes us to have it He will
give it to us without our asking
’

“As he uttered the last word his feet slipped from under him and he fell
at full length on his back
 The north side of the roof was covered with
a white frost, which caused the young man’s feet to slip
 The building
was three stories high; and from the ground to the eaves was nearly
forty feet
 The young man was standing near the top of the roof, and as
he uttered the sentence, he stepped over on the north side to get a
hammer that he had left there, when he fell flat on his back; his body
darted toward the edge of the roof like a lump of ice gliding down the
mountain side
 At the very brink of the roof, a nail caught in his
clothes and stopped him
 His legs were hanging over the edge while his
body lay back on the shingles
 The ground near the foundation of the
house was covered with innumerable large stones, with hundreds of sharp
corners and edges, which every one knew would cause the young man’s
death, if he fell on them
 There the man’s body swung forty feet above
the ground--only held by a little number four nail
 The slightest
movement might send his soul across the dark river
 I have heard many
people pray, but such a prayer as that young man uttered then and there
I have never heard before or since
 The most solemn promises of
reformation were made, the most earnest appeals to God for help
 A
ladder was quickly brought from an adjoining hook and ladder company’s
quarters, and the young man was saved
 If any of my friends have a
desire to know the name of this young man, go to all the churches in
Memphis and hear all the Christians pray--then select the one that prays
longest and loudest--that’s he


“But I crave your pardon, my friends, for this digression, and will
return to my story
 We left Grenada at 8
50 sharp
 The night was
unusually dark; heavy clouds overspread the horizon and a steady patter
of rain-drops could be heard falling against the windows of the coach

Harry and myself were the only occupants, and the train consisted of the
engine, tender, and a single car in which we rode
 Occasionally I would
hoist the sash of the window in order to let the cold damp atmosphere
cool my burning cheeks--for I felt as if my blood were boiling hot
 As
the head-light of the engine cast its bright rays on the trees along the
road, I could see that we were dashing on with lightning speed
 I
occupied a seat on the left side of the coach, while Harry sat on the
right, and immediately opposite the one where I was
 When the windows
were all down, there was an overpowering feeling of suffocation that was
unbearable; and when they were up, the wind came dashing in accompanied
by streams of rain
 I would close the window and endure the oppressive
closeness as long as I could; then hoist the sash again, letting the
wind and rain pour in until my face would be cooled
 I had borrowed
Harry’s watch, and sat with it open in my hand, counting every second of
time, which seemed to linger unusually long
 A mental question kept
presenting itself to my mind: Will I ever see Lottie again? Will she be
dead before I get there? What is to be my fate in the future? Can I
consent to drag out a long, miserable existence, after my darling has
gone to Heaven? I made a solemn vow to God that I would not rebel
against His will, but that I would humbly submit to, and bear without
complaint, such punishment as He, in His great wisdom, might send upon
me
 I earnestly begged for Lottie’s life
 No one ever prayed more
humbly and sincerely than I did on that occasion; and I believe Harry
did the same--though he sat silently in his seat, apparently buried in
his own sad thoughts
 Sometimes he would turn his face toward me and
point to the watch which I held in my hand--this I understood to be an
inquiry as to the time
 The only answer I made was to hold the watch
close to his eyes
 He would glare at it, then lean back in his seat,
without uttering a word


“Every now and then the wind would dash in through the window,
scattering the falling rain over my face, causing the lamp to flare up
and spatter; then for an instant the feeble light would flicker and
struggle as if in the last agonies of dissolution
 After an unusual gust
had dashed in, bringing with it a copious shower of rain, I was
compelled to close the window to prevent the lamp from being totally
extinguished
 As soon as I had excluded the air, the same feeling of
suffocation that had annoyed me so often came upon me with redoubled
severity
 I could not get enough air into my lungs notwithstanding I was
struggling to do so
 I felt as I suppose one feels when dying; in fact,
I do not believe that the actual pains of dissolution could have
increased my sufferings


“Harry made a sign signifying a wish to know the time
 I managed to hold
the face of the watch so he could see it


“‘9
20,’ he whispered, as he leaned back in his seat and closed his
eyes
 The lamp now began to sing and sputter, spitting the oil up
through the chimney, making a dozen different sounds
 It would dart a
bright blaze nearly to the top of the chimney, then sink down so low
that no light could be seen
 It would whine like a young child, then
sing; at times it would sputter--then pop, pop, pop, like the cracking
of a small whip; anon it would whistle--and blaze up, casting a dazzling
light all over the seats--then drop back to its usual dim dimensions

After it had performed a dozen such strange freaks, it gave one long
shriek and suddenly expired
 We were left in total darkness; a darkness
as black as blindness itself
 A ton’s weight seemed to be pressing on my
breast; I felt that my last moment had come
 I sank down on the seat
without the strength to hold up my head; I was in a swoon
 The first
sensation I experienced, after my reason returned, was that of the most
delicious pleasure
 The strangest, but most exquisite, feeling of
happiness seemed to steal over me; the most mysterious influence
appeared to surround me
 The smothering sensation was gone, and a
delightful absence of pain was in its stead, and at once the coach
seemed to be filled with the most delicious perfume, such as I had so
often enjoyed while with Lottie in her flower garden
 ‘What does it
mean?’ I asked myself
 ‘How could the coach be filled with such
delightful odor when all the windows were closed?’

“‘Harry, what in Heaven’s good name does this mean?’ I at last managed
to ask


“‘Hush, Ed,’ he whispered, ‘some one is in this coach--it is a lady; I
felt her skirts brush past my knees
’

“‘Lottie
’ I exclaimed, as I sprang to my feet


“‘What do you mean?’ whispered Harry, as he caught me by the arm, while
he was trembling like one in an ague fit


“‘Lottie, darling, is it you?’ I gasped, while Harry still held me by
the arm


“‘Are you mad?’ he exclaimed, as he closed his fingers about my arm

‘Why do you call Lottie? Don’t you know she is dying in Memphis?’

“‘She was here this very moment; I felt her skirt brush my knee, and I
believe she called my name,’ I replied


“‘Nonsense
 I think there’s a lady in this coach--she passed me a moment
ago
 I distinctly felt her skirts brush against my knees as she went
down the aisle
’

“‘Upon my honor, I thought I heard Lottie call my name
’

“‘Pshaw
 Edward, of course that is all imagination, and I beg you not to
talk so
 I suspect that some one is trying to steal a ride; I am sure
there is some one in this coach besides you and me
 Try to calm
yourself; what makes you tremble that way?’

“‘It is yourself who is trembling; let go my arm--you are hurting it
 I
declare, you are shaking as if you had an ague fit
’

“‘Yes, and your hand is as cold as ice
’

“‘Hark
 what was that? did you hear anything?’

“‘No, but as I live I felt some one brush past me
’

“‘So did I; and it was a female, beyond all doubt, for I felt her skirts
touch me as she passed, just as I did a moment ago
’

“‘Yes, and I distinctly felt something tickle my left cheek; it was the
same feeling I had so often experienced when Lottie was near me, and a
stray lock of hair would touch my face
’

“‘I declare, this is the strangest mystery that I ever heard of
 Give me
a match and let me relight the lamp, so we can see who it is
’

“‘I have not got a match--you will have to go and request the fireman to
come and light it
 Pray do so at once, for this darkness is
distressing
’

“As soon as Harry went out to bring the fireman, I again felt something
softly passing across my cheek
 I threw out my arms, expecting to catch
the living body of some person; but not so--I caught nothing
 As I
turned round I felt the same touch on my right cheek
 It might have been
imagination, but I thought I again heard Lottie calling my name
 The
truth is, I was so much overcome with excitement that I scarcely knew
what was going on around me
 Harry was out but a few moments, returning
accompanied by the fireman, who immediately lighted the lamp
 We
procured a lantern and began to search for the mysterious passenger
 We
carefully examined every seat, looking under each bench, but could find
nobody
 We went out and examined the rear platform, thinking that
probably some one might be stealing a ride, but nothing of the sort was
to be seen
 I became perfectly convinced that no one was concealed
either in or outside of the coach
 I was overwhelmed with astonishment
at the singular mystery
 When I told Harry what had occurred during the
time he was gone after the fireman, informing him that I thought I heard
Lottie’s voice distinctly call my name, he fixed his eyes upon my face,
and gazed steadily for a moment, as if to satisfy himself that I had not
gone mad


“‘Ed,’ said he, ‘your mind has been taxed too heavily of late; I think
it is quite unsettled
 I do not believe you ever were inclined to be
superstitious
’

“‘No,’ said I, ‘superstition has never been classed among my many
faults; but on this occasion I must confess that I am unable to tell
exactly what I do think
 It may be as you say, that sorrow has to some
extent unsettled my mind; but nevertheless I am sure I heard some one
call my name, with a voice I could recognize among ten thousand
 My
telegram will be answered; the answer will meet us at Sardis; it will
bring news of Lottie’s death; it will tell us that she died at 9:20; you
will remember that was the exact time when the coach was filled with the
delicious fragrance
 That was the very moment when the lamp died, and
then it was that we felt the skirts of a lady’s dress brush past us

Harry, our darling is dead, and as sure as we live her sweet spirit was
with us here in this coach
’

“‘Oh, Edward, don’t talk that way, I beseech you
 I declare, you
frighten me
 You are as pale as a ghost; sit down and try to be calm

You will regret this language when you get over the excitement
’

“I leaned back on the seat, closed my eyes, and endeavored to analyze
the mysterious occurrences that had just happened; but the more I
thought of the matter the more unsettled became my mind, and I began to
try to fix my thoughts on other objects, but all seemed confusion and
mystery
 Harry settled himself down on the cushion and leaned his head
on the back of the seat, closed his eyes and silently communed with his
own thoughts
 Not another word was uttered by either of us until the
train drew up in front of the hotel at Sardis
 A considerable crowd of
people began to collect about the spot, having been somewhat surprised,
no doubt, at the arrival of a train at that unusual time
 Every now and
then a man’s head would be thrust in at the door--then suddenly
withdrawn
 It was but a few seconds after the train had halted when Mr

Steelbrim poked his head in at the door, and, holding an envelope in his
hand, said:

“‘A telegram for Edward Demar
’

“My hands trembled so that I could scarcely open the envelope; but at
length I did, and read as follows:

     “‘MEMPHIS, 9
30 P
 M


     “‘My Dear Boy--Trust In God
 He will sustain you
 All is over

     Lottie died at 9
20
 Her last words were love messages to you
 She
     expired with your picture in her hand, while it was moist with her
     kisses
 Don’t let this awful blow crush you
 Remember that you can
     go to her, if she cannot come to you
 Rely on Him who alone can
     give you comfort now
 Her last moments were free from pain, and she
     was not alarmed at the approach of death
 Her mind was clear to the
     last
 We know her pure soul is now in Heaven
 God grant, my dear
     boy, that we may meet our darling there
 The funeral will take
     place at 4 P
 M
 on to-morrow evening
 A carriage will meet you at
     the depot


     “‘DODSON
’

“‘It is just as I told you, Harry,’ I said, as I handed him the dispatch
and fell back on my seat
 I did not faint; I did not even groan, because
I was prepared for the awful blow
 I felt as if some strong man held my
throat in an iron grip, and that the breath was being choked out of me

I pushed the sash up and let the wind and rain pour in on my hot brow,
while I was struggling to fill my lungs
 As soon as Harry finished
reading the dispatch he let it fall to the floor, and his body went down
with it
 I saw him fall, but I was unable to go to his assistance; in
fact, I never thought of offering aid; I was thinking of my own grief





CHAPTER XXIX



“Being so completely prostrated by the great mountain of grief that
pressed heavily on my sad heart, I failed to notice the condition of
Harry Wallingford, whose upturned face had put on a death-like
expression
 It was after several minutes had elapsed that I happened to
look at him; I was considerably frightened when I beheld the ghost-like
features
 I ascertained, upon examination, that he had fainted; and also
discovered a stream of blood flowing from his left temple, that came
from an ugly wound caused by striking his head against the sharp corner
of the seat as he fell
 I dashed some cold water in his face, then
lifted him from the floor and laid him on the seat, watching eagerly for
signs of returning life, which I was gratified to see very soon
 Fixing
his eyes on me with a wild, restless expression, he said:

“‘Is is true that Lottie is dead? How can you gaze on me with such a
look of affection, Ed, when you know that by your kindness you are
heaping coals of living fire on my unworthy head? If you would abuse me,
curse me, spit on me, spurn me, or do anything to show that you despise
me--I could bear it; but to receive disinterested kindness from one that
I have so deeply wronged is a greater punishment than humanity can
endure
 You must remember that I have murdered Lottie, yes, I have
closed those pretty blue eyes forever; I have pushed her fair body into
the grave; I have invited the worms to banquet on her queenly form; I
slapped you in the face, I drove Viola to desperation, and caused her to
murder her little brother, and yet I am unhung, and you can look kindly
on me
 What kind of man are you? what sort of a heart is yours? why do
you not plunge a dagger into my breast? Well, I suppose you think that
you can kill me with kindness as well as any other way; and in that you
are very correct
 When I am dead, I want you to continue your kindness
until you see my remains deposited by the side of my murdered sister
 I
know I don’t deserve such honor, but I may rely on your goodness to have
my last request complied with
’

“The strangeness of his conduct, the mystery of his language, had a
tendency to add to the great waves of misery that were rolling over me,
for I inferred that he was contemplating suicide
 For full thirty
minutes he continued to rave about innumerable blunders that he accused
himself of having committed, and I positively assert that no prosecuting
attorney could have given such an offensive coloring to willful and
malicious murder as he gave to the cause of Lottie’s death, all of which
he declared had been produced by himself
 I ventured to discuss the
matter with him as soon as I regained sufficient self-command to enable
me to do it, hoping to lead his mind away from the subject of Lottie’s
death; but it was like the blind trying to lead the blind
 While I was
endeavoring to console Harry Wallingford, I stood as much in need of it
as he did; nevertheless, I put forth my utmost efforts to soothe him


“I was somewhat surprised when the train came to a sudden halt in front
of the Hernando Station
 Mr
 Steelbrim thrust his smutty head into the
front door and said:

“‘By jing
 we made the best time on record; the old gal is in a splendid
humor to-night--made a mile a minit from Sardis here, and I bet she
could distance a streak of greased lightning from here to Memphis
 If I
had a track from here to the moon, I could make the old gal climb the
grade in time to make the connection
 We are now three minits ahead of
time, and according to orders, we must not move a peg till time is up
’
Then he turned round and addressed the fireman:

“‘Feed the old gal a little, Mr
 Smutty, and ile her j’ints good, for
I’m gwine to let her rip from here to Memphis; she’ll make it in
twenty-five minits like a top
 The old gal knows me, and she allers
makes up her mind for business when this chap holds the throttle
 Tom
Scratchler undertook to manage her t’other day, but she took the dumps
and wouldn’t run worth a cent; but it takes me to hold her down to
work
’

“‘Wait a moment, Mr
 Steelbrim,’ said the telegraph operator, ‘a
dispatch is coming for Edward Demar
’

“‘All hunkadory,’ replied the eccentric little engineer, ‘plenty of
time, and if necessary, I can persuade the old gal to put in a few extra
licks
’

“The rain had ceased, and the dark clouds began to move rapidly
northward; the moon, that had been obscured, emerged from behind them,
casting a bright, cheerful light over the earth


“‘Here we are, Demar,’ exclaimed Mr
 Steelbrim, as he came in and handed
me the telegram


“I tossed it down on the seat, not caring to read any news since Lottie
was dead
 In fact, I felt a peculiar hatred against all telegraph lines,
and more especially against the one that had brought me the fatal news

Mr
 Steelbrim started his engine forward with such a sudden plunge that
it threw me to the third seat behind where I was standing, pitching me
head foremost against the stove-pipe, slightly bruising my head
 I think
the effect of the shock was beneficial, for it seemed to relieve the
smothering sensation which had afflicted me for some time
 Seating
myself where I could watch Wallingford--for I was afraid he meditated
self-murder--I began to conjecture in regard to the contents of the
envelope that lay on the seat just in front of me, and as is usual in
such cases, never guessed anywhere near the truth
 I might have gone on
conjecturing for a hundred years, and I dare say I never would have made
the right guess as to the purport of the message
 After taxing my mind
in that way for five minutes:

“‘I have hit the mark at last,’ I muttered to myself: ‘The sheriff will
let Miss Bramlett attend Lottie’s funeral
’

“Having satisfied myself that I had at last made the proper guess, I
took the envelope, tore it open and held it carelessly for some time
before I commenced reading it
 I have that particular telegram here in
my bosom; and I have no doubt my friends would like to hear it read
 I
had often heard men say that the danger of death being caused by good
news was equal to that produced by bad; but I never did credit any such
notions until after I received that dispatch
 I am now a full believer
in the idea that death could be, and doubtless has often been, produced
by the sudden shock occasioned by the reception of unexpected good news;
but let me read you the telegram:

     “‘MEMPHIS, 10:10 P
 M


     “‘Bless God, my dear boy
 A wonderful miracle has been wrought

     Medical science is all a humbug, a bauble, a farce, nonsense,
     moonshine; the profession all bosh
 I would not give a nickel for
     any man’s opinion; I never will give another opinion; don’t ever
     ask me for an opinion; I won’t give it
 I telegraphed you, 40
     minutes ago, that Lottie was dead
 I thought she was dead; we all
     thought so; medical science pronounced her dead
 If I had not the
     evidence of my own eyes to the contrary, I should continue to say
     she was dead; but when I see those pretty eyes watching me, I am
     forced to halt
 Lottie is alive
 and says she is not going to die

     Plaxico says she will not die; and if I had not vowed never to give
     another opinion, I should say so, too
 Plaxico says she was in a
     trance, sometimes called an ecstasy--a sort of suspended animation

     I say she was dead; he says he has seen many such cases--I say
     gammon--though, bear in mind, I venture no opinion
 If the
     Mississippi river were to commence running north it would not
     surprise me; fact is, nothing could surprise me after what I have
     seen to-night
 Lottie talks very strangely; says she was with you
     on the train to-night; what does it all mean? Plaxico contends that
     the soul was temporarily released from the body; I say bosh
 Lottie
     is much better, mind clear, pulse regular, respiration good,
     symptoms all favorable, no pain
 Bless God, my boy
 but don’t
     construe this as an opinion from me
 Be cautious when you arrive;
     Lottie must be prepared to receive you
 The slightest shock might
     prove fatal; will meet you at front gate, and advise you how to
     act
 Get control of your feelings before you see Lottie


     DODSON
’

“Perhaps a man possessed of a vivid imagination might work his mind up
to a point where he could make a pretty fair guess as to the joy that
came to my crushed heart when I read that dispatch; but I know that no
eloquent writer could set down anything approaching a correct
description of it
 It would not be an exaggeration to say that I was for
a moment paralyzed with the excess of joy
 I did not shout, scream, or
move, but stood like one who had been stunned by a heavy blow, while I
held my hand over my heart, pressing it very hard in order to still its
violent throbbing
 As soon as I recovered sufficiently to enable me to
speak calmly I called to Wallingford, who was sitting there with his
eyes closed, looking more like a block of white marble than a man


“‘Are you asleep, Harry?’ I inquired, as I laid my hand on his shoulder


“He gave a sudden start, then gazed a moment at me


“‘How can I sleep when the hot flames of torment are blazing in my
bosom? Never shall I sleep any more; I have “murdered sleep,” and my
sweet sister, too
 My career will soon be closed, and the world will be
rid of the vilest wretch that ever dwelt in it
’

“‘Harry, do you believe that any man could be killed with good news?’

“‘No, of course not; but why do you ask me such a question?’

“‘Because it is in my power to impart to you some of the best news that
ever was poured into the ears of mortal man
’

“‘Edward,’ he groaned, ‘you must not try to console me with false hopes;
you had better leave me to endure my just punishment; it is the will of
God that I should suffer, and I do not complain
 You could not tell me
anything in the shape of news that would relieve me, except it was to
let me know that my darling sister lived, and the guilt of murder was
not on my wicked soul
’

“‘That is the very thing I am prepared to assert
’

“‘What in Heaven’s name do you mean?’

“‘Be perfectly quiet and I will explain
 Could you calmly listen to the
news of Lottie being alive?’

“‘Certainly I could, because it would not be true; and I must request
you not to torture me in this manner
’

“‘Did you ever hear of a person being in a trance, when the friends
thought it was death?’

“‘Yes, very often; Doctor Plaxico told me that such things frequently
occurred; he mentioned two cases that had come under his observation
’

“‘Then why might we not hope that such was Lottie’s condition when
Doctor Dodson telegraphed us that she was dead?’

“‘Edward, pray tell me what you mean
’

“‘Exactly what I say
 Now stop, Harry; don’t lose control of yourself
’

“‘Edward, you must not trifle with my feelings
’

“‘I do not mean to trifle with your feelings, but I must request you to
control them
 Do you think you can do it?’

“‘Yes
 yes
 pray go on
’

“‘Well, in the first place, Lottie is not dead; and in the second place,
she is much better; and in the third place, she is going to recover

Now, come, you promised to be calm; remember I hold you to your promise

I will read you the telegram if you will sit down and be perfectly
quiet; if you do not, I shall not let you see or hear it
’

“‘What are you talking about? Am I not calm? You don’t expect me not to
tremble, do you?’

“‘There, now, just sit perfectly still and hear the good news
’

“He at last fell back on the seat and listened to the reading of the
telegram, while his eyes were closed and his hands tightly clasped
across his breast
 When I had finished reading, I knelt down by his seat
and whispered:

“‘Kneel down, Harry; now is the very time to offer thanks
’

“He fell on his knees in an instant, and remained there a long time; and
when he got up there was a look of inexpressible joy on his countenance

I was satisfied that he was safe, and then I was happy, too


“‘Eddie,’ he said, after remaining silent for a few minutes, apparently
soliloquizing, ‘if God spares Lottie’s life, I will love and worship Him
as long as I live
’

“‘Indeed, we should feel very grateful to Him for such a great
blessing,’ I replied


“‘What is the time?’ he inquired, as he saw me looking at the watch


“‘11:10,’ was the reply
 ‘We will soon see our darling, but we must
remember Doctor Dodson’s instructions
 Do you think you will be able to
command your feelings?’

“‘I believe I will, but it will cost a desperate effort
’

“‘We must remember what is at stake, and not forget ourselves when the
critical moment arrives
’

“‘I think you may depend on me now
 You know how much misery has
resulted from my rashness, and I have had a severe, but I hope a useful,
lesson
’

“‘Harry, I have always believed that experiential lessons were the only
ones of much value
’

“‘I dare say you are correct in that belief; I have reasons to hope that
the sad lessons taught me by experience will make a better man of me
’

“The shriek of the locomotive announced our arrival as the train dashed
into the station at Memphis
 We found the carriage waiting for us when
we stepped on the platform


“‘How is she?’ I inquired eagerly as I grasped the hand of the old negro
coachman


“‘Better, much better, sir, thank God; we hope she will recover now
’

“‘Go as fast as you can,’ I said, as we entered the carriage


“The faithful old negro seemed to appreciate the situation, for he took
us over the road at the rate of twenty miles an hour
 The few
pedestrians who were on the streets at that late hour stopped and stared
at the carriage as it whirled past them as if they thought the horses
were running away


“‘Some one will be killed certain
’ said a man who stood gazing with
wonder as we dashed by him
 Many heads were thrust out of the windows;
the owners of said heads seemed to have been startled from pleasant
dreams by the rattling of the wheels on the pavement


“Within two minutes from the time we started from the depot I was in the
arms of Mrs
 Dodson, my good mother
 She had been watching at the front
gate for our arrival
 She kissed my lips, my cheeks, my brow, my
temples, and did not slight my nose


“‘Ah, ha
 Here we come, my boy
’ exclaimed Doctor Dodson, as he snatched
me from his wife’s arms
 ‘Get out of my way, Dolly; ah, ha
 don’t
smother the boy; don’t you see how he is panting for breath? Stand back,
old ’oman; don’t you think I want to hug the boy, too? Ah, ha
 here we
come
’ Then he made a grab at my body and jerked me against his breast
and squeezed me as hard as a polar bear could have done
 ‘Ah, ha
 my
boy, “all’s well that ends well,” you know
 Yes, we will all be happy
yet; but don’t construe this as an expression of my opinion, by any
means
 I don’t express my opinion on any subject now
’

“While Doctor and Mrs
 Dodson were paying their respects to me, Mrs

Rockland was weeping on Harry’s breast, and Mr
 Rockland, who rarely
ever suffered anything to disturb his equanimity, was jumping around,
trying to get hold of Harry


“‘How is my darling?’ I inquired, as soon as I could release myself from
Doctor Dodson’s embrace


“‘Better, much better, my boy, thank Heaven
’

“‘Let me see her instantly; I cannot wait a moment longer; I am dying to
hold her in my arms
’

“We were at the front gate, some distance from the house


“‘Ah, ha
 my boy, be calm; Lottie is asleep; can’t let you see her now;
crisis not passed yet--life hangs by brittle threads--patience, my boy,
patience
 Keep cool; ah, ha
 keep cool, my boy
 Give me another hug

There now; ah, ha
 that’s like old times
 Plaxico is with Lottie; will
consult with him; if he thinks there is no risk, you shall see her
 ah,
ha
 that you shall, my boy
 Let her sleep, though; she must not be
disturbed until she awakes
 Take your boots off when you get to the
house, my boy--Dolly will get you a pair of slippers
 Caution, my boy,
caution, you see the necessity of it, don’t you, my boy? Yes, of course
you do
 Ah, ha
 here we come
’

“In pursuance of instructions, I took off my boots and thrust my feet
into a pair of cloth slippers which Mrs
 Dodson handed to me as we
entered the front portico
 Mrs
 Rockland furnished Harry with a pair of
the same sort, and the cat-like movements of all showed how they loved
the angelic creature whose life was trembling in the balance
 Doctor
Dodson whispered a few words to me, then went into Lottie’s room, and
soon returned, accompanied by Doctor Plaxico


“‘How is she now, doctor?’ I inquired


“‘Oh, she is all right now, sir; I think she will come round handsomely

She is sleeping quite soundly--pulse greatly improved--respiration
regular
’

“‘Can we see her now?’ I eagerly demanded


“‘Yes, certainly, provided you obey instructions to the very letter

Only one of you can go in at a time, and you must not speak to or touch
her; but if you have the slightest doubt as to your ability to control
your feelings, you had better not go in
’

“‘You go in first,’ said I to Harry


“‘No, Edward, I yield to you--it is your privilege to see her first
 Go
in and give me time to get my feelings under control
’

“It was his generous heart that prompted him to give me the preference


“‘Come with me,’ said Plaxico, as he took hold of my arm, ‘I cannot
trust you alone, when so much depends on your actions
’

“As soon as I passed through the half open door I encountered the same
sweet scent of flowers that had so strangely come into the coach between
Sardis and Grenada
 I recognized it instantly; there was no mistaking
the delicious fragrance; the carpet was covered with fresh flowers; the
mantel was loaded with them
 Two large bouquets lay on the snow-white
cover of the bed
 There lay my darling, pale but beautiful still
 Her
eyes and lips were closed, and the long, pretty lashes fell over her
eyes, concealing them from my view
 I approached the bedside silently
and fell on my knees near the beautiful patient
 I could hear the gentle
breathing, and see the regular rise and fall of her bosom, as her sweet
breath fanned my cheeks, and it taxed my strength to its utmost capacity
to keep from touching her
 Doctor Plaxico, doubtless fearing that I
might be unable to control myself, stood on the opposite side of the
bed, so as to be in front of me, with his finger raised, by way of
cautioning me to be quiet
 The bed on which the pretty sleeper reposed
was near the center of the room, a low French bedstead, and her arms
were resting above the white counterpane that covered it
 Occasionally a
sweet smile would light up her pale, beautiful face, and I could hear
her whispering my name


“‘She is dreaming about you now, Demar,’ whispered Plaxico, as he put
his mouth close to my ear
 ‘She appears to be thinking of you all the
time, both when asleep and awake; she holds your picture in her hand
constantly, and I do not believe any one could steal it from her without
awaking her
’

“Placing my ear close to her lips, in order to hear what she was saying,
my long whiskers happened to touch her chin, when her body instantly
began to tremble violently


“‘Edward is coming home to-night, mother,’ she whispered


“Was it a sin to worship that charming girl, who dreamed of me while
asleep, and loved and prayed for me when awake? If it was, then you may
set me down as a very great sinner, for I did worship her with a
devotion as fervent and sincere as that with which any heathen ever
worshiped his god


“‘You must retire now, Demar,’ whispered the doctor, ‘as I think there
is danger of her being disturbed, for you do not seem to have control of
your feelings
 Refreshing sleep is what she needs most just now; it is
the best restorative in cases of this sort, and it would be very
unfortunate if you should happen to disturb her
’

“I reluctantly obeyed his command and withdrew to the parlor,
accompanied by him


“‘How is my dear sister now, doctor?’ eagerly exclaimed Harry, as he met
us at the door


“‘Every symptom appears to be favorable,’ the physician replied
 ‘She is
sleeping quite soundly, and her fever is entirely gone; pulse greatly
improved; but we must be extremely cautious not to give her a sudden
shock when she awakes
’

“‘When can I see her?’

“‘I will let you go in any moment when you are sure that you can govern
yourself completely, for you shall promise me not to touch or speak to
your sister
’

“‘I make the promise now, and beg you to let me see her
’

“Plaxico took his arm and led him into Lottie’s room; and at the end of
five minutes he returned, and, sinking down on the sofa, buried his face
in his mother’s bosom and burst into tears


“‘Weep, my dear son,’ said Mrs
 Rockland, as she pressed him to her
heart, ‘it will do you good; I often find relief in tears when sorrow
weighs heavily upon me
’

“‘My dear, good mother,’ he exclaimed, as he threw his arms around her
neck, ‘can you ever love me again after I have caused you so many hours
of sorrow?’

“‘Love you, my son
 Nothing could deprive you of my love; you have
erred, but you were deceived by a combination of circumstances that
would have misled any one
’

“‘Mother, can you forgive me?’

“‘There is nothing to pardon, my son; you thought your sister was
betrayed, and that it was your duty to defend her; you acted upon what
appeared to be proof, and not from an evil motive
’

“Doctor Plaxico took a seat near me, and requested Mrs
 Rockland to go
into Lottie’s room and keep watch until the patient should wake
 I then
gave the doctor a detailed history of the strange events that happened
on the train, and requested him to give me the benefit of his opinion on
the subject


“‘Ah
 Demar,’ said he, ‘if you follow the profession as long as I have,
you will encounter many curious things
 This is the third case of the
same sort that I have treated
 I was not here when Dodson telegraphed
you that she was dead; of course I should have prevented it
 Dodson’s
heart is too large--it gets away with his judgment
 Miss Wallingford
was merely in a short trance--a fortunate thing, too, by the by
 That
was one of nature’s scientific plans adopted to cure the patient; and I
think it has succeeded
 The authorities differ as to the causes of such
a condition, and many different theories have been advanced on the
subject; but I am sorry to say that nothing satisfactory has been
developed
 I am decidedly inclined to the views of the minority, who
think that the soul for the time being is absolutely out of the body

You say that Miss Wallingford was with you on the train at exactly 9:20

I believe it, too, for that was the very moment when she fell into the
trance
 Now if the soul was temporarily released from the body, where
would it be most likely to go? Of course to where her affections led--to
the man of whom she had been thinking all the time
 If my theory is not
correct, your imagination was at fault, and you were mistaken in your
belief
 The fact is, Demar, the more we study and theorize on this
subject, the more complicated it seems
 I often rack my brain about the
matter until it all ends in confusion
 God was the Artist who made the
wonderful machine called man, and he crammed him full of mystery,
eccentricities and unaccountable things
 Well, Demar, the best way to
secure true happiness is to fear God and keep His commandments; and let
Him run the machine in his own way
 What is, is, and that’s all we know
about it
 We don’t know the cause of things; and the less we puzzle our
brains about it the better for us
 But let me tell you, Demar, you ought
to worship God day and night, as long as you live
 What have you ever
done for Him, by way of compensation for what He has done for you? He
made Miss Wallingford; she is the paragon of beauty and loveliness--an
angel in disposition; and then He made her fall in love with you
 That
is more than you deserve--more than any sinner deserves
’

“‘I know it, doctor, and I acknowledge my obligation, and have resolved
never to forget it
’

“‘Excuse me, Demar, I must now go and see my patient; I will return
presently
’

“After Lottie had slept three hours Doctor Plaxico consented for me to
go into her room again


“‘I think she will wake very soon,’ said he, ‘and you had better be
present then; you must be very cautious and not exhibit any unusual
emotion
 Remember she is in a critical condition, and the slightest
shock might prove fatal, and govern yourself accordingly
 At first I
thought that probably it would be better to let some one break the news
of your arrival to her, before letting her see you; but upon second
thought I have concluded to allow you to be present when she awakes

Place yourself near the bed, take hold of her hand, press it gently, and
remain very quiet; be sure you do not make any demonstrations when you
see her eyes open
’

“This was a hard command, but I made up my mind to obey it, believing,
as I did, that it was wisely given
 Kneeling down near the bed, I took
her left hand in mine, pressing it gently to my lips, when she instantly
commenced to roll her head from one side to the other


“‘Let go her hand, quick
’ the doctor whispered


“I obeyed instantly, but was puzzled to know his reasons for giving such
an order
 Plaxico stood with his finger on his mouth, which I understood
to be a command for me to maintain silence
 Any one might have heard the
throbbing of my heart across the room, while every nerve in my body was
quivering violently


“‘Now take hold of her hand again, and be careful to remain quiet
’

“The very instant my hand touched hers she again began to tremble;
raising her other hand, she commenced to pass it round, as if searching
for something, while her lips were continually moving; and every now and
then I distinctly heard my name pronounced
 I was informed by the doctor
that she was under the influence of a very strong opiate, which I
suppose accounted for the apparent uneasiness of her slumber
 Five
minutes, perhaps, had elapsed after I took hold of her hand the second
time when she touched my cheek; then running her fingers among my
whiskers, she began to pat me on the face
 At length her eyes flew open;
and after gazing at me for a moment in a bewildered way, she laid her
right arm around my neck, drew my head down on the pillow, close to her
cheek, and whispered in my ear many sweet expressions of affection

There were no evidences of violent emotion or extravagant outbursts of
excitement, but her voice sounded like the cooing of a dove
 My face
was moistened with the tears that streamed from her eyes; but they were
tears of unmixed joy


“‘I thought they had killed my noble-hearted hero,’ she whispered, as
she drew her arm closer about my neck
 ‘I have been very unjust to my
poor brother, but I thought he and Heartsell had murdered you; and you
must bring him here, so I can ask him to pardon me
 I was with you and
my brother on the train last night, and tried to speak to you, but could
not make you hear me
 Our mother was with me, and she says that she is
our guardian angel, commissioned to watch over us--she was such a
beautiful angel, too; I never beheld anything so pretty
’

“‘Miss Wallingford,’ said Doctor Plaxico, ‘I think it would be very
imprudent for you to talk any more just now
’

“‘I would not venture to disobey a peremptory order of yours, doctor,
but I believe that a conversation with Harry and Edward would do me more
good now than any medicine you could give me
 Let me see my dear brother
immediately, and then you may demand silence
’

“‘I had better grant your request than to raise a row by refusing,’
observed the doctor, as he went to bring Wallingford in


“When Harry entered the room, I could see that he was making a vigorous
effort to restrain his great emotions; sinking down on the opposite side
of the bed, he allowed his sister to embrace him


“‘Brother dear,’ whispered Lottie, ‘can you forgive the great wrong I
have done by my unjust suspicions against you?’

“‘Ah
 my darling sister, it is I who ought to sue for pardon; because if
I had heeded your advice, all this sorrow might have been prevented
 If
you only will get well, and love me in the future as you have in the
past, I shall yet be happy
 Let us endeavor to eradicate from our memory
the sad occurrences of the past; and I solemnly promise never again to
set up my judgment against yours
’

“‘Oh, my good brother
 how happy you have made me
 I soon shall be well
again
 I thought at one time that I could leave this world without
regret; but it is different with me now; I do not want to die, because I
have something worth living for
’

“‘Now, Miss Wallingford,’ said Plaxico, ‘I must positively drive these
two gentlemen out of the room, unless you will agree to be perfectly
quiet
’

“‘I will make any promise, in the bounds of reason, if you will let them
remain with me
’

“‘Very well; they may stay, if you will hush
’

“Harry held her right hand and I her left, while I drank deep draughts
of love from the dear eyes that were gazing up into my own
 Who can
describe the inexpressible joy that one feels when he knows himself to
be the exclusive owner of such a heart as the one that throbbed in the
breast of Lottie Wallingford? It would be extreme folly on my part to
attempt to convey to my audience a description of the great happiness I
enjoyed then
 My heart was almost drowned with the excess of delight





CHAPTER XXX



“For three days after Harry and I had arrived at home scarcely any
change was perceptible in Lottie’s condition, except an inclination to
sleep all the time, which Plaxico contended was most favorable
 This
conjecture proved correct, for at the end of ten days her condition was
so much improved that he pronounced her entirely out of danger


“‘Good nursing is all she needs now,’ said he


“I never left the premises until I was satisfied that all danger was
over, and I did not go then of my own accord; Lottie ordered me to go
and see Viola, and to carry a hamper basket full of fresh flowers that
she had caused to be gathered for her


“‘Tell Viola that as soon as I am able to ride in the carriage I will
come to see her
 Ask her if she wants anything and tell her that she
must be of good cheer, and we will defeat the enemy yet
 Now do your
best to encourage the poor thing, and assure her that I will soon be
with her to stay all the time
’

“‘Lottie, you don’t think of going back to stay in jail again, do you?’

“‘Certainly I do; why not?’

“‘People will talk, you know
’

“‘Let them talk as much as they please
 God has spared my life in order
that I might save my dear friend, and I mean to do it
 Eddie, do you
still doubt me? Can you trust me?’

“I did not make any answer, because I was bewildered and did not know
what to say; hence I abruptly left the room to carry the flowers and
message as directed


“When I entered Viola’s cell I was shocked at her appearance; there was
a look of hopeless despair settled on her face, and her cheeks were
bloodless and deadly pale
 She was dressed in plain black silk without
ornaments
 Her pale face brightened up when I entered, and she rose to
meet me, holding out her hand for me to take
 When I delivered the
flowers and Lottie’s kind message, telling her that Lottie was out of
all danger, she burst into tears and sank down on the sofa
 After a
while she brushed the tears away and said:

“‘Pardon me, Mr
 Demar; this flow of tears has relieved my aching heart

God has answered my prayers, when I had lost all hope
 Oh
 sir, if you
knew how I have prayed for dear Lottie’s life, you would better
understand my love for her
 Take a seat, Mr
 Demar, and tell me about
your late troubles
’

“I complied with her request by giving her a detailed history of the
unfortunate occurrences that had kept me away from home


“‘You now know from experience, Mr
 Demar, how hard it is to be punished
for a crime you did not commit
 You have not told me anything about your
friends yet
’

“I knew that she wanted to hear from Harry, but I doubted the propriety
of mentioning his name, because I did not know what he intended to do
 I
therefore confined my remarks to Doctor and Mrs
 Dodson, and Mr

Rockland and his wife, studiously avoiding Harry’s name
 I saw that she
was disappointed, and more anxious than ever to hear about him
 I rose
to depart, when she begged me to stay a while longer


“‘You have not told me about all of your friends yet,’ she said, as she
blushed and looked down at the carpet


“I noticed that she was trembling from head to foot, and her bosom rose
and fell rapidly
 I had arrived at the conclusion that it was best for
me not to mention Harry’s name
 I thought that the best plan to bring
about a reconciliation would be to say nothing on the subject, hoping
that she would send an invitation to him to pay her a visit


“‘Is there any one in particular whom you wish to inquire about, Miss
Bramlett?’

“‘Yes--no--that is, no one in particular; but I was thinking that Lottie
would be so happy to have her brother with her
’ And as she said this,
the crimson tinge on her cheeks became as red as blood could make it


“‘Yes, she is very happy now, since her brother has returned
’

“‘Has he? Ah
 never mind, Mr
 Demar, I will not detain you any longer

Give my love to Lottie, and bring her to see me as soon as she is able
to come
’

“I took her extended hand and felt it quiver; her eyes met mine for a
second, and there was a meaning look in them which I understood
 I could
not leave her thus; my resolution vanished at once


“‘What shall I tell him for you, Miss Bramlett?’

“‘Tell whom?’

“‘Have you no message for me to deliver to any one except Lottie?’

“‘Yes--no; I--I--good-by, Mr
 Demar
’

“I passed out of the room and spoke a few words to the jailer, and when
I went to leave I glanced a look into Viola’s room
 She was lying on the
bed convulsed with grief, and weeping bitterly


“I sought and obtained an interview with Mr
 Rockland, in order to have
a consultation about Miss Bramlett’s case
 The iron man shook his head
ominously when I asked him to advise me what I should do about the case


“‘The Supreme Court will reverse it,’ said he, ‘beyond question, but
that will do no good
 It will only serve to prolong our troubles
 The
lower court committed a very grave error in allowing the jury to
disperse before the evidence closed; hence I say it is certain that a
new trial will be granted; but again I ask where is the benefit to Miss
Bramlett? Every one knows she is guilty--the proof established it beyond
the possibility of a reasonable doubt
 Poor girl
 I pity her, for she
was not responsible for the crime
 She was crazy, beyond question, when
she committed it
 She shall not be punished, because I will secure
executive clemency when the court shall have finally disposed of her
case
 Mr
 Demar, I have just been informed that it is Lottie’s intention
to return to the jail, with a view of remaining with Miss Bramlett, as
soon as she is able to go
’

“‘Yes, Mr
 Rockland, I have heard Lottie say that such was her
intention
’

“‘This must be prevented by all means, and no one can do it but you; I
shall expect you to exert your influence in that direction
 Her
reputation has already suffered to some extent by her conduct, and it
must be prevented in future
’

“‘Do you know, Mr
 Rockland, that Lottie affirms that she knows Miss
Bramlett is innocent?’

“‘Ah, Demar, that is one of her strange infatuations
 She is a sensible
girl, in whose judgment I have unbounded confidence, but her friendship
for Miss Bramlett has caused her heart to get the upper hand of her
brain
 She thinks she knows that her friend is innocent, but what does
she know about the rules of evidence? She thinks everything that she
hears can be offered as proof
’

“‘I imagine, sir, that you will find Lottie better posted as to the
rules of evidence than you think
 She has been reading Mr
 Greenleaf’s
treatise on evidence--also Mr
 Starkie’s and many others
 She seems to
comprehend and grasp the meaning as well as an experienced lawyer would

She says she will furnish evidence to clear Miss Bramlett, and to
convict the real criminal
’

“‘Ah
 Demar, that is the strangest mystery that has ever come under my
observation
 If she knew that Miss Bramlett was innocent, why should she
let her remain in jail, when she could have got her out with a _habeas
corpus_? No, Demar, if you build your hopes on that foundation, you will
meet with nothing but defeat and disappointment
’

“‘The reasons which Lottie gives for withholding the proof appear to me
to be good
 She says that she is waiting to collect evidence sufficient
to convict the guilty one; and that this is done at the request of Miss
Bramlett
’

“‘Very well, Demar, I see that you are determined to pin your faith to
Lottie’s skirts
 The truth of it is, love has got the upper hand of your
judgment, while Lottie is carried away by her affection for Miss
Bramlett
 I admire those who stick to their friends, but we ought to be
very cautious in selecting them
 Next week the Supreme Court will take
up the case, and then a new trial will be granted, certain, and you and
Lottie shall have a fair chance to establish the defendant’s innocence
if you can
’

“When I left the iron lawyer, I was chilled to the very marrow of my
bones by the coldness of his manner


“About eight days after my arrival at home, I was called from Lottie’s
side (where most of my time was being spent) to assist Doctor Dodson in
performing a difficult surgical operation on one of his patients
 In
fact, I performed the operation myself under Doctor Dodson’s advice and
assistance


“‘Ah, ha
 my boy,’ said the old doctor, when the delicate job was
finished, ‘you are an excellent surgeon, so you are
 I am proud of
you--so I am
 You will do to tie to; ah, ha
 that you will
 Lottie need
not be afraid to hitch on to you, my boy; no indeed, you will make a
living for her; yes, yes, ah, ha
 she won’t starve by marrying you
 You
must remain with this patient day and night until all danger is over

Ah, ha
 my boy, stick to it like a leech; I’ll relieve you day after
to-morrow
’

“By this means I was kept away from Lottie two days and nights, much
against my wish; but I stood to my post until I was relieved on the
third morning by Doctor Dodson
 I hurried to Mr
 Rockland’s residence
and met his wife at the door


“‘How is Lottie?’ I hurriedly inquired, as I entered the house


“‘Improving rapidly, though I don’t think she is quite as prudent as she
ought to be
’

“‘Can I see her now?’

“‘No, Edward, she is asleep, I believe; but come in to breakfast, and
then you can see her
’

“I obeyed reluctantly, because I did not feel like eating
 As soon as
breakfast was over Mrs
 Rockland went into Lottie’s room to inform her
that I was waiting to see her


“‘She will receive you, Edward,’ said the kind lady, as she came into
the parlor where I was waiting
 ‘She bid me tell you to come in
’

“The door of Lottie’s room was half open when I entered; and the bed,
where I expected to see her, was made up and covered with a snow-white
counterpane; every article of furniture was freshly dusted and properly
arranged; two large vases of fresh flowers stood on the mantel, and the
room contained no evidences of an occupant


“‘Ah
 she has moved to her old room up-stairs
’ I exclaimed, as I turned
to go out, when I felt some one pluck my hair behind
 Imagine my
amazement, if you can, when I hurriedly turned round and saw nothing but
an empty room, where I had expected to see Lottie
 I had not remained
there, however, but a second or two, when I heard a suppressed laugh;
and looking behind the door, I discovered my darling in full
dress--beautiful, radiant, charming and lovely,--with a mischievous
smile playing on her face
 Never had I seen her looking so beautiful
before; the color of the rose and lily were mingled on her fair cheeks,
while evidences of restored health appeared
 Her toilet had been
arranged with great care and exquisite taste, evidently done to please
me, for I had sent word that I was coming to see her that morning
 She
wore a most magnificent rose-pink brocade silk dress, with full train;
the body and skirts were covered with point de Venice lace, while the
bodice fitted the slender waist so neatly that her square shoulders and
tall, queenly form exhibited their beauty to great advantage
 My
picture, incased in a heavy gold locket, was suspended by a costly chain
around her neck, and my diamond ring sparkled on her finger
 The great
rolls of pretty golden curls had been half confined behind her head with
a blue ribbon, while a fresh white rose, bordered on all sides with pink
geraniums, adorned her throat
 As soon as my eyes encountered the lovely
creature before me I threw up my bands with an exclamation of surprise

When I left her, two days previous, she was in bed, where I had expected
to find her still; but when I beheld her beautiful form standing before
me, with all the loveliness and beauty of an angel, I was dazzled and
overwhelmed with amazement
 I was not able to understand how such a
speedy recovery had been effected
 The pretty blue eyes had regained all
their charming brilliancy and the stately form its beauteous symmetry;
in fact, my darling had never before appeared so lovely in my eyes as
she did then


“‘Why, Eddie
’ she exclaimed, as I took her in my arms, ‘where have you
been hiding all this time? I declare, if you play me another such a
dodge, I will set the police on your track
’

“‘Don’t ask me any questions now, Lottie; I am too happy to talk
 Let me
look at you well; you are so pretty to-day; I never saw you looking so
lovely
’

“‘I never felt better in my life--am as strong as ever
 I was up early
this morning, dressed myself without assistance, made up my bed,
re-arranged the furniture, and am now ready for breakfast
 And such an
appetite as I have--it is like that of a wolf
 You were surprised to see
me up and dressed; you admire my appearance; well, I am glad you do
 You
shall not see me eat breakfast; I should be ashamed to let you see how
much I can devour
 Go order the carriage while I am eating; I am going
to see Viola this morning
 Why don’t you go along, Eddie? What are you
waiting for?’

“‘Don’t you know?’

“‘I have a very strong suspicion; very well, I suppose I must be kind to
the old darling, since he has been so true to, and suffered so much for
me
 Take it quickly and go, for I am starving
 There
 there
 Eddie, go
along with you; don’t you see how you have torn my hair down? I declare,
you have almost smothered me; you are like a Russian bear
’

“She dodged under my arm, and went into the dining-room
 I went out and
ordered the coachman to get the carriage ready, then came back to the
parlor and waited for Lottie


“‘Well, Eddie,’ she said, as she entered the parlor and took a seat on
the sofa by my side, ‘I have devoured everything on the table, and,
like Oliver Twist, I wanted more, but mother closed down on me, and even
refused to let me eat the cold scraps that were left in the cupboard
’

“‘I fear you are imprudent, Lottie,’ said I, ‘but I am truly glad to
know that you have an appetite
’

“‘Thank you, Eddie; but now I must ask you to talk business with me a
while
 We must lay aside all selfish thoughts, and go to work on Viola’s
case
 You must not talk to me about love or marriage; I request you to
promise me here and now that you will devote your whole attention to
this business, and that you will not mention love to me until Viola’s
innocence shall be established
 Will you or will you not do it?’

“‘I promise to obey you in all things, under all circumstances; but what
is to be my fate if we fail to clear Viola? “Would you then refuse to
marry me?’

“‘Yes, I would, though it would break my heart to do it; but I love you
too well to make you the husband of a miserable, unhappy woman, such as
I would be if Viola is not cleared
 But I tell you candidly that we
shall all be happy yet, if you will trust me implicitly
 I must have
your entire confidence; there must be no doubting or hesitating in this
business
 Again I ask you, will you trust me in all things connected
with this business?’

“‘So help me Heaven, I swear I will
’

“‘Enough; I ask no more
 Read that letter carefully while I re-arrange
my hair, and then I will tell you what you are to do
’

“‘Lottie, tell me where you got this letter
’

“‘Ask me no questions, but trust me implicitly
 I will not submit to a
cross-examination, mind you
’

“‘Very good; issue your orders, and I will obey
 Nothing can astonish me
after looking at this letter
’

“‘That is a mere mole-hill, by a mountain, when compared with other
things that I know
’

“‘Lottie, this letter means death; it smells of blood; it is as black as
the deepest hell
’

“‘Hush
 don’t become excited; coolness and courage will accomplish more
than anger or excitement
 The time has come to shake up the dry bones
in the valley; God has spared me in order to make me His instrument in
saving the innocent and punishing the guilty
’

“‘Lottie, I do believe you are aided in this business by inspiration
directly sent to you from Heaven
’

“‘Perhaps so, and perhaps not; but Viola’s day of deliverance is near at
hand; and the day of retribution for the real murderer is drawing near

Society has condemned me for associating with Viola--the purest, best,
most patient, suffering angel that ever lived
 I will make society blush
with shame for its cruelty in this case
’

“‘Lottie, pardon me for using strong language; but I think the
circumstances justify it; therefore, I say that the writer of that
letter ought to be roasted in the hottest flames of ----’

“‘Stop
 stop
 don’t use such language as that; it does no good
 We must
move cautiously, as we have a wily foe to deal with
 We must have a
witness in court to prove that handwriting; and that is why I have shown
you that letter
 There is a woman in this city by whom we can make the
proof--provided we can force her to swear the truth
 She is a friend to
the writer, and would suffer martyrdom before she would tell anything
that would injure him if she knew it; but if you will execute a little
plan which I have invented, I will answer for the result
’

“‘Explain the plan, and issue orders
 I trust you now with more faith
than an Arab would the author of the Koran
 Consider me a machine made
to do your bidding
’

“‘I like that kind of talk now, because everything depends on you and
me
’

“‘More especially on you, Lottie
 You are the pilot, and I am only the
engine
’

“‘We will not dispute about that; but you must have an interview with a
certain woman, with a view of proving the handwriting of that letter

You are acquainted with Miss Clattermouth, I believe?’

“‘To the best of my knowledge and belief, I should say I was; but I
would not like to confess it in public
’

“‘I don’t blame you for that, because there is not much honor in it; but
it is a fortunate thing that you do know her, for it will aid you in
this business
 I want you to go and see her; take this letter with you;
and I charge you under no circumstances to let her see the contents; but
you will manage to show her the superscription, and by that means
ascertain whether or not she knows who wrote it
 Remember, she is a
devoted friend of the writer, and if she suspects your object, your
labor is lost
 You must invent some plan to direct her attention to the
letter, and she will probably ask you where you got it
 Then you can ask
her if she knows the handwriting; do you think you can manage the
business so as to accomplish the purpose without rousing her
suspicions?’

“‘Lottie, you have asked me to trust you, and I am going to do it
 Now I
ask you to trust me; will you do it?’

“‘That I will, with all the faith that is in me; and without intending
to flatter you, I would risk my soul’s future happiness on your judgment
and integrity
’

“‘Thank you
 thank you, darling
 enough on that branch of the subject

Let us now discuss another
 Shall we let Harry into our secrets and ask
his assistance?’

“‘No, indeed, we must not, because his love for Viola would cause his
heart to control his brain, and endanger our plans
 He has quieted down
since his late troubles, and it is better to let him alone
 The breach
between him and Viola will heal itself when she is cleared
’

“‘Be it so, then; you are the judge
’

“‘You must not lose sight of our Vicksburg witness; it would be
advisable to write to him immediately
 That evidence I consider the most
important of all
’

“‘I must confess I cannot see its application to Viola’s case; but you
may depend on me for having the witness here when the trial comes on
’

“‘You shall be posted as to its application in due time
 There are two
individuals in this city who are mounted on very high horses, riding to
their fate
 They are enjoying the ride just now, unconscious of the
precipice toward which they are hastening
 They are reveling in their
fancied security, little dreaming of the mine soon to be sprung under
their feet
’

“‘One of them is the writer of this letter--the other the one to whom
it was directed
 Am I not correct in that guess, Lottie?’

“‘You are correct
’

“‘Well, if anybody but my darling had told me this, I would not have
believed a word of it
 This business is going to cause some people’s
fine castles to come toppling topsy-turvey down; and great will be the
fall thereof
’

“‘It won’t be the first instance where a man was hung on the gallows he
had built for another
 You may have heard of a man who erected a gallows
fifty cubits high, on which he intended to hang his neighbor; but the
spectators were no doubt surprised, one morning, when they saw the body
of the builder dangling from his own gallows
’

“‘Yes, that was a case in which God seems to have directly interfered
’

“‘Just so; and he has directly interfered in Viola’s case, too
’

“‘Lottie, I am dying with curiosity to know how you got possession of
that letter
’

“‘You shall know everything that I know; but not at present
 I have a
reason for withholding the information just now, which I cannot explain

Remember you have promised to trust me fully in this matter
’

“‘Yes, and I mean to do it; but the very sight of this letter freezes
the warm blood in my veins
 I feel cold rigors stealing over me now
 It
is horrible to contemplate
 It surpasses my comprehension
 It would make
Satan blush to read this most diabolical composition
 He would be
inclined to abdicate in favor of the author of that letter, as the one
best qualified to run the infernal government
’

“‘Hush
 that is wicked language
 Go see if the carriage is ready, while
I get my hat and cloak
 You will first go with me to the jail; leave me
with Viola; go and see Miss Clattermouth about the proof as to the
handwriting; then return to the jail, remain with us to dinner, and
bring me home at night
 There, now, you have the programme for the day,
and remember, you must sharpen your wits before you tackle Miss
Clattermouth
 She is a clever little detective herself, and will get the
best of you if you don’t be careful
’

“‘If she gets the upper hand of me in this business, you may has take
off both of my ears
’

“‘Come
 I see the carriage is waiting for us
 Don’t take my arm--that is
out of style now
’




CHAPTER XXXI



“I escorted Lottie to the jail, and when she and Miss Bramlett rushed
into each other’s arms, I was so deeply moved by the affectionate
meeting of those two devoted friends that I felt the tears begin to
trickle down my cheeks
 For full five minutes they remained silently
clasped in each other’s strong embrace


“‘Heaven bless you, my precious, true, unselfish friend
’ exclaimed Miss
Bramlett, still holding Lottie to her heart; ‘God has answered my
prayers, for on my knees I have spent four hours every day in sending up
my supplications in behalf of my darling Lottie
 I am one of those who
have unlimited confidence in the goodness and mercy of God, and believe
He answers the prayers of those who ask in the spirit of true faith

Every time I knelt down to pray for the recovery of my darling friend, I
thought of that precious promise which our dear Saviour made with His
own lips, when He said: “Ask and it shall be given you; seek and ye
shall find; knock and it shall be opened unto you
 For every one that
asketh, receiveth; and he that seeketh, findeth; and to him that
knocketh, it shall be opened
” Now, Lottie, when I prayed, I did
honestly believe that our dear Jesus would remember His precious
promise; and sure enough He has
 Oh, dear God, receive my humble, but
sincere, thanks for this great blessing
’

“Lottie then came to me, smiling through her tears and looking supremely
happy


“‘You may go to see Miss Clattermouth now, Edward; and you must not fail
to return here punctually at four o’clock, for I am going to order
another one of those cozy dinners, to be served in Viola’s room;
therefore you must not keep us waiting
 Remember the instructions, and
let no consideration or circumstance prevent the success of our
enterprise, which you know to be of such great importance
’

“Pressing her hand to my lips, and promising to put in my appearance
punctually at four o’clock, I jumped into the carriage and ordered the
coachman to drive to the residence of Miss Clattermouth
 As the vehicle
went rumbling over the rough road, I began to reflect on the business
before me, with a view of arranging my plans so as to be ready to act
promptly at the proper time


“The carriage halted in front of the house before any definite scheme
was arranged in my mind
 Walking up to the door, I gave the bell a
vigorous pull, and a moment after I heard the slamming of innumerable
doors, and then the front one flew open, and there appeared a living
creature
 It would be a misnomer to say it was a woman; yet it was not a
man or monkey; and not being a believer in witches, I am at a loss to
describe the horrible looking object that stood with glaring eyes
riveted on me
 Miss Cushman’s representation of the Gypsy in ‘Guy
Mannering’ would be a fairy when compared with the hideous object who
darkened that door
 I ran back eight or ten paces, while an involuntary
shudder darted through my body
 I did not smell brimstone, see fire, or
hear thunder, but the same feelings of horror seized upon me that I had
experienced once upon a time when I went to see the infernal regions in
a museum
 This she-demon (a name I think most proper to give her) held
out her long bony arm toward me, and began to work her claw-like fingers
as if she wanted to grab me


“‘What do ye stand there for, staring at a body like an idiot?’ she
growled; ‘are ye dumb? Can’t ye tell what ye want?’

“‘I wish to see Miss Clattermouth,’ I stammered with no little
difficulty


“‘Get along with ye to Tadpoddle’s then
’ and the door was closed with a
slam, and I felt very much relieved
 I was pleased to learn that I
should find Miss Clattermouth and Miss Tadpoddle together, as I imagined
that this circumstance would facilitate the important business which I
was so anxious to transact
 I lost no time, you may be sure, in leaping
into the carriage, and as I did so, I gave the coachman instructions to
hasten to the Tadpoddle mansion
 I found the front hall door open when I
arrived, and being well acquainted with the premises, I immediately and
without ceremony passed through the hall, and made my appearance at the
door of Miss Tadpoddle’s boudoir, which I also found standing wide open

As I entered the house my ears were pierced with a succession of the
most doleful and heart-rending cries that I had ever heard
 Miss
Tadpoddle was lying on the sofa in the middle of the room, and her
mother was bathing her temples with some sort of liquid, while Miss
Clattermouth was holding a smelling bottle to her nose


“‘Oh, mother
 how can I live when my sweet, precious little darling is
dead? Oh, ho
 ho
 ho
 it will kill me, I know it will
 Every time I shut
my eyes I can see the pretty little darling in his tiny coffin, wrapped
in his little ruffled shroud, with his sweet little eyes closed just as
if he was asleep
 Oh, ho
 ho
 ho
 shall I never see him again in this
world? Oh, mother, let me die
 I do not want to live now, since my
little angel is gone from me forever
 He loved me so much, and was such
a comfort to me--he was always crying after me when I was away from
him
’

“My heart was deeply moved to hear the poor lady’s sorrowful
lamentations, and it was with some difficulty that I restrained my
tears
 I began to look round for a little coffin, but it was not there

I then cast a glance up and down the hall, expecting to see an empty
baby carriage or tenantless crib, but I saw them not
 No little baby
shoes or baby frocks were in sight; no baby hats; no broken toys, or any
article such as pleases little boys, were to be seen
 That a boy baby
was dead I concluded was certain, for I heard her speak of his little
coffin, and his little shroud
 Now what does it all mean? was a question
which naturally presented itself to my mind
 Who is the little angel
that has been taken back to Heaven? Ah, I have it now
 She has adopted
some sweet little orphan child, and just as she began to love it dearly,
the little darling has laid down and died


“‘I beg pardon, ladies,’ said I, as I bowed to Miss Clattermouth, ‘I did
not know that death had entered this house, else I should not have
intruded
’

“‘Oh
 doctor,’ exclaimed Miss Tadpoddle, wringing her hands and tossing
her head from side to side, as if suffering untold anguish, ‘I am so
glad you have come; do pray put me to sleep as soon as you can, for my
poor heart is forever crushed--I never shall survive this awful
calamity
 Ah
 doctor, my poor little darling is taken from me, and no
one will ever love me as he did; he was always crying to get in my lap;
for Heaven’s sake give me a sleeping drug; I don’t care what it is;
anything to make me forget this melancholy dispensation of Providence

Oh, me
 it is more than I can bear--to think that I never shall see poor
little Tottie any more; it will be the death of me; I know it will
’

“Now I was perfectly amazed when I heard Tottie’s name mentioned, for
the whole mystery was then cleared up
 All this nonsense was produced by
the death of an eight-ounce poodle dog; and I hastened to a pitcher of
water, poured out a glass and pretended to get strangled, so I might
have a chance to conceal the mirth that was about to precipitate me into
a fit of laughter
 I was compelled to walk out into the hall, in order
to gain time to get control of myself, as I did not wish to appear rude

Miss Tadpoddle seemed to be growing worse all the time, and continued to
implore me for a sleeping drug; and I concluded that it was best to make
a show of compassion, which I did, but not without a considerable
effort
 I requested Miss Clattermouth to procure me a spoonful of flour,
and while she went after it, I took out my medicines and scattered them
about on the top of a bureau that stood in one corner of the room; and
as I was thinking more about the proof which I wanted to make by Miss
Clattermouth than anything else, I took out the letter and laid it down
among the medicines, where I knew she could see it when she brought the
flour
 My mind was wrought up to a high pitch of anxiety; because I had
been led by Lottie to believe that the fate of Miss Bramlett depended
entirely on the success or failure of my enterprise
 Consequently, an
unusual degree of excitement seized upon me when I saw her eyes fixed on
the letter as she handed me the flour
 I felt my heart thumping
violently in my breast, while I held my breath and tried to assume a
careless air, as I began to finger my drugs
 There was a large mirror
swinging on the top of the bureau, which enabled me to watch Miss
Clattermouth without letting her know what I was up to; and I could see
that her little round eyes were intently fixed on the letter, while an
expression of curiosity mantled her face
 I felt my knees knocking
against each other, and my whole frame began to shake from the intense
anxiety that possessed me
 When Banquo’s ghost ‘shook its gory locks’ at
Macbeth, at the banquet, he did not tremble more than I did on that
important occasion


“‘Oh, doctor
’ exclaimed Miss Tadpoddle, ‘are you going to let me die?
Why don’t you put me to sleep? Are you going to save my life or not?’

“‘My dear madame, I beg you to command a little patience--you shall soon
be relieved; it is our duty to submit humbly to the decrees of
Providence
’

“‘Yes
 yes
 I know it is, doctor, but those who never felt the heavy
hand of affliction laid upon them, as it is now laid on poor me, cannot
understand or appreciate the awful calamity
’

“I hastily prepared three wheat dough pills, and persuaded her to
swallow them, assuring her that they would put her to sleep in a very
short while; and in less than five minutes she declared that she felt a
great deal better


“‘Ah
 doctor, you are such a good physician; you seem to comprehend the
nature of one’s complaint at a glance
 Now you know I never exaggerate;
there is nothing I despise more than I do exaggeration; still I do
believe my nervous system is completely destroyed; but if anybody can
restore my shattered system, you are the man to do it
 I declare, I
begin to feel drowsy now
 Oh, what a relief
 Just run your hand through
my hair and over my throbbing temples
 Oh, that is delicious
 indeed it
is
 You do not know how much good it is doing me
’

“At the end of twenty minutes from the time I administered my pills Miss
Tadpoddle was happy in the arms of Morpheus, probably dreaming sweetly
about poodle dogs
 Now, my friends, I wish to say that, as a practicing
physician, I am able to recommend wheat dough pills as an infallible
remedy for hysterics--especially when that dangerous disease is caused
by the death of poodle dogs


“As soon as I had succeeded in silencing Miss Tadpoddle, I turned my
attention to Miss Clattermouth and the important letter, on which I
noticed she every now and then cast an inquiring look
 I was waiting for
her to propound the question, which I inferred from her restlessness she
was on the eve of doing
 After eying the letter for some time, she
picked it up and, after scrutinizing it carefully, when she imagined I
was not observing her movements (for I was watching her through the
mirror by a side glance), she turned her back toward me, and began to
slip the letter out of the envelope
 I knew that it would not do to
allow her to see the contents of the letter; therefore, as soon as I
divined her object, I went to the bureau, pretending to be collecting my
scattered medicines, where she could see that I was in a position to
observe her actions


“‘Did you drop this letter here, doctor?’ she carelessly observed, as I
came round so as to confront her


“‘Yes, I believe I did; I must have dropped it when I took out my pocket
case a while ago
’

“‘I should like to know what you are doing with that letter, Doctor
Demar? I see that it was not addressed to you
’

“I was considerably puzzled by this question, because I did not know
what sort of an answer I ought to make; but it occurred to my mind that
it would be advisable to rouse her curiosity still higher if I could

Having made up my mind to act on that idea, I carelessly observed that
there was a great secret connected with that letter, which I did not
consider myself at liberty to reveal


“‘Now I should like very much to know what great secret Ben Bowles could
have to communicate to that woman?’

“‘Why do you mention Mr
 Bowles’ name in connection with that letter,
Miss Clattermouth?’

“‘Oh, that is a great secret, which I do not consider myself at liberty
to reveal,’ she said in a tantalizing tone, which convinced me that she
was piqued because I had mentioned a secret
 ‘It is a mystery to me,’
she continued, ‘why Mr
 Bowles should constitute you as his messenger,
to carry his letters to that woman
’

“‘What has Ben Bowles got to do with it?’

“‘I hope, Doctor Demar, that you do not consider me an idiot?’

“‘Indeed, madame, I do not; but on the contrary, I have set you down in
my mind as one of the cleverest ladies in Memphis; but what has that to
do with the question I propounded to you?’

“‘Do you imagine that I do not know who wrote that letter?’

“‘Why should I take the trouble to imagine anything about it?’

“‘You are a real Yankee; you answer my questions by propounding others

We will let the subject drop unless you can make a candid answer to a
simple question
’

“‘I crave your pardon, madame, and promise to furnish a direct answer to
all your questions, provided you will agree to do the same with my
interrogatories
’

“‘Very good
 I consent to the agreement
 Where did you get that letter?’

“Now I was completely nonplussed by that question, and entirely thrown
off my guard, and did not know what answer to make
 I began to stammer
and halt; and despite all my efforts to invent a suitable answer, I made
an absolute failure; my confusion proved to be the very lever that
enabled me to pry the secret out of its hiding-place
 When Miss
Clattermouth saw my great confusion, her curiosity went up to the
highest pitch, and she exclaimed:

“‘Ah, ha
 Doctor Demar, you are caught in your own trap
 You have been a
carrier of a clandestine correspondence between Ben Bowles and his
“Dulcinia del Toboso,” and I must say that I am surprised and mortified
to make the startling discovery
’

“‘You may imagine that you know that handwriting, Miss Clattermouth, but
I beg permission to inform you that you are very much mistaken
’

“‘I say, mistaken
 indeed, I know that handwriting as well as I do my
own; and if I were to find a line of Ben Bowles’ writing in the great
Sahara Desert, I would know it--yes, I would swear on a stack of Bibles
as high as this house that that was written by Ben Bowles
’

“‘Thanks be to Heaven
’ I mentally exclaimed; and it was all I could do
to keep from shouting with joy
 I seized the letter, and pretended that
I had suddenly thought of an appointment down town; looking at my
watch, I hurried from the house, leaving Miss Clattermouth angry and
astonished at my conduct


“Miss Tadpoddle recovered (thanks to my dough pills and a vigorous
constitution); but she became misanthropic and sullen, resigning her
office as vice-president of the Tramp Reform Association, which left
that noble institution without her patronage, causing it to go into
bankruptcy
 The untimely death of an eight-ounce poodle dog caused many
a forlorn tramp to seek a night’s lodging in the station-house, who, but
for the sad event, would have found comfortable entertainment at the
headquarters of the Tramp Reform Association


“As soon as I left Miss Clattermouth, I hastened to the jail, being
anxious to acquaint Lottie with the success that had crowned my efforts
as to the proof desired


“‘Eureka
 Eureka
’ I exclaimed, as I went hurriedly into the room where
Lottie and Viola were
 ‘Our luck has changed at last; Miss Clattermouth
says she will swear it is Bowles’ handwriting and she will kiss a stack
of Bibles on it as high as Tadpoddle’s house, which you know is three
stories high, not counting the cellar
 She says she would recognize the
writing if she were to find it in a desert, the name of which I do not
just now remember, though it is situated somewhere on the other side of
the globe
’

“‘Sit down, Edward, and give me the letter; I declare, you are excited
’

“‘Indeed I am excited; have I not good cause to be
 Did you not tell me
that Miss Bramlett’s fate depended on the proof that I have procured?’

“‘Yes, but sit down and tell us how you managed to succeed so well
’

“I then gave a graphic description of all that had occurred, dwelling
eloquently on my splendid maneuvering; and the sweet smiles that were
showered on me, and the numerous thanks tendered by those grateful
girls, amply compensated me for all my trouble
 The good-natured steward
had an excellent dinner prepared, which was served in Miss Bramlett’s
room at four o’clock
 It was very late in the evening when Lottie and I
took our departure from the jail


“About a week after those events occurred, I received a note from Mr

Rockland, requesting an interview with me at his office
 When I read the
note, it caused a pang of uneasiness to dart through my breast, because
I always expected bad news when the iron lawyer had anything to
communicate


“I found the iron lawyer, as usual, busily at work with innumerable old
papers piled high before him


“‘Take a seat, Demar,’ he said, without looking at me; ‘I will be at
leisure in a moment
’

“He then began to dash the papers about as if he were angry with the
inoffensive documents, while my mind was ill at ease, and full of
curiosity
 After the lapse of five minutes he wheeled his chair around
so as to confront me


“‘Demar, I have just received a telegram informing me that Miss
Bramlett’s case has been reversed and another trial granted
 This is no
news to me, for you remember I told you that the Supreme Court was bound
to reverse the case
 I must confess, however, that I cannot see wherein
this is going to benefit that unfortunate girl, because (as you have
often heard me say) there is no possible chance to secure an acquittal
under the mountain of testimony that will be adduced against her
 I want
you to understand, however, Mr
 Demar, that I mean to do all I can for
Miss Bramlett; but I do not hesitate to say that during thirty years’
practice at the bar I have never seen such a complete, unbroken chain of
circumstantial evidence arrayed against a prisoner as was mustered on
the trial against Miss Bramlett
 If you will meet me at the criminal
court-room in the morning at ten o’clock, we will arrange with Mr

Quillet to have a day set for the trial
 Demar, you must watch Lottie,
and not let her become entangled in this unfortunate affair
 She may
listen to you, but she outtalks me
 The fact of the business is, I
cannot have the heart to scold that dear girl; but she must be separated
from Miss Bramlett, and I depend on you to do it
’

“‘Mr
 Rockland, I think we had better let Lottie have her own way in
this affair, for, if I am not very sadly mistaken, she will snap the
strong chain of circumstantial evidence into a thousand pieces
 You have
always told me that you thought she possessed a high order of intellect;
but, sir, when this case is tried you will have good cause to think she
has a mind of a most extraordinary character
’

“‘Demar, I think you and Lottie both are on the direct road to the
lunatic asylum, and I hope you will take Miss Bramlett with you, and not
leave her here on my hands
 It is the height of folly, to say Miss
Bramlett did not murder her little brother; besides this, she has been
guilty of other crimes so black that all the water in the Atlantic Ocean
could not wash the stain from her character; though I believe she is
insane, and intend to convince the Governor of it, and he will grant a
pardon beyond question
’

“I felt a sensation of relief as soon as I stepped out of Mr
 Rockland’s
office
 I hastened to convey the good news of a new trial to Lottie, and
the first thing she did was to offer up thanks to Providence for this
evidence of His favors


“‘Have you heard from our Vicksburg witness lately, Edward?’

“‘Yes,’ I replied, ‘and he will come at any time when he is notified
that we want him
’

“‘Very good, then; as soon as you ascertain the day the trial is to come
off, you must send him a telegram immediately
 We are ready for the
grand battle, and victory will be ours
’

“‘Lottie, don’t be too sanguine of success; a good general always
prepares for a retreat before he engages in battle, so that when the
battle is lost, he can save his army
’

“‘Edward, you must not talk of defeat in connection with this case
 I
have a magic wand, with which I can perform more wonders than could
Aladdin with his magic lamp
 There is a good genius serving me in this
business, whose powers will surprise and startle you
’

“‘Lottie, I do not think you are justifiable in keeping secrets from me
in connection with this affair
’

“‘I want to test your faith in me, to see whether you can trust me as I
have trusted you
 My brother told me you were untrue to me, and had
eloped with another woman; I had faith in you, and refused to believe
his information
’

“‘Enough; keep your own secrets; I will serve you, and believe in you,
as faithfully as Orlando believed in his Rosalind
’

“‘Thank you, Edward; and I promise you I will perform more wonders for
you than Rosalind did for her Orlando
 She changed a shepherd boy to a
beautiful maiden; but I will show an angel of purity, where everybody
sees a she-demon
’

“Mr
 Rockland and I met Mr
 Quillet promptly at ten o’clock next morning
at the court-room, and the attorney-general kindly consented that Mr

Rockland should fix any day for the trial that he chose; consequently it
was set for Thursday--that being Tuesday
 I repaired immediately to the
telegraph office, and sent a dispatch to the Vicksburg witness,
requesting his attendance and asking him to answer whether he could come
or not
 The reply came--he promised to come without fail


“‘Now,’ said Lottie, when I showed her the telegram, ‘I have ordered the
carriage, and want you to escort me to the court-house
 Do not look at
me as if you were angry; I must go to the court-room immediately
’

“‘Lottie, you know I could not be angry with you; but will you be so
good as to inform me why you wish to go to the court-house to be stared
at by a motley crowd of very rough people?’

“‘I certainly have no wish to conceal my motive from you
 In the first
place, I am going to examine all the papers connected with Viola’s case,
especially the evidence that was given in on the first trial
’

“‘I can get those papers and bring them to you, and you can have ample
time to examine them
’

“‘Of course you could do that; but I have another reason for wishing to
visit the court-house; I want you to introduce me to the judge,
attorney-general and all the lawyers
 I want to catch a few ideas in
regard to the manner of proceeding in court, so that when Viola is put
on trial I will not be very much embarrassed
 I shall ask the judge to
let me cross-examine some of the State’s witnesses; and you know I ought
to see how it is done; and that is exactly what I am going to find out
to-day
’

“‘You are going to leap into the contest as an attorney, and plead your
client’s case?’

“‘No, I am not going to make any leap at all; but I have a trap set to
catch certain birds, and I am going to arrange the bait myself, and at
the proper time I shall spring the trigger and pen the game
 It is my
intention to spend the remainder of this day in the court-house; in
fact, I think I shall make that place my headquarters until the trial is
over
’

“‘Do you think you can stand the jokes and jeers and vulgar gaze of such
a crowd as you must necessarily meet in a criminal court-room?’

“‘I can bear anything, endure anything, submit to anything, in order to
save my dear, unfortunate friend
’

“‘Lottie, I do not believe this world ever contained another such a
good-hearted, noble girl as you--so unselfish, so thoughtful of others,
so generous and sympathetic
’

“‘Edward, reserve your compliments until Viola is clear, and then you
may pile the flattery on as much as you please
’

“‘I suppose you will make an eloquent speech to the jury in defense of
your client; I can in my imagination hear the sweet words echoing
through the halls of justice
’

“‘Cease your levity, if you please; the occasion demands seriousness

You know very well I do not intend to make a speech; but I am in real
downright earnest when I say that I am going to ask the judge to allow
me to cross-examine some of the witnesses
 You see I have been studying
a great many commentaries on criminal evidence, and have learned that
when a witness swears falsely to one material point, he is not to be
believed in anything else
 Now I am going to propound certain questions
to some of the witnesses, and if they swear what they did on the former
trial, why, then, they will be in my trap
’

“‘Lottie, don’t you think it advisable to acquaint Mr
 Rockland with all
the new facts in your possession, so he could be prepared to handle them
when the trial comes off?’

“‘No, I do not; and besides this, I cannot reveal to any one the secrets
confided to me by another, without her consent
’

“‘Ah
 it is a “her” then who works the wires behind the curtains?’

“‘There are no wires to work nor any curtains to work behind; but enough
of this; come, we will now go to the court-house
’

“As I entered the court-room with Lottie leaning on my arm, the eyes of
the lawyers and spectators were at once fixed on her with a curious
gaze, as she moved across the room like an empress, and advancing to the
clerk’s desk, asked for the papers in the Bramlett case
 The little
sleek-haired clerk, whose nose was very large, stood with his mouth wide
open, his pen in his hand, gazing at the angelic beauty before him, as
much astonished as if a ghost had suddenly risen out of the ground

Lottie again called for the papers, when the little clerk began to
stammer:

“‘You had better--that is, we could not--I must ask you to see Mr

Quillet, madame--it is against the rules to let papers go out of the
office, except to the attorneys
’

“I do not wish to take the papers out of the office, sir,’ replied
Lottie modestly, as she smiled sweetly, ‘I can examine them here
’

“The little clerk was very much embarrassed, but refused to let her have
the papers until he was ordered to do so by Mr
 Quillet
 Lottie took the
great bundle of documents, and, scattering them about on the table,
seated herself and began to read them, while the judge and Mr
 Quillet
eyed her closely
 A group of lawyers assembled inside of the bar and
began to whisper to each other, occasionally pointing at Lottie, who was
too deeply engaged with the papers to notice them


“‘She is the most beautiful woman I ever saw,’ I heard Mr
 Quillet
whisper to a lawyer who sat near him


“‘Who is she?’ inquired the man to whom Quillet had addressed the
remark


“‘Miss Charlotte Wallingford, I believe--an adopted daughter of Mr

Rockland
’

“‘Well, Quillet, I indorse your judgment; I don’t think I ever saw such
a perfect model of beauty before
 What is she up to there? She seems to
work as if she meant business
’

“‘She is examining the evidence in the Bramlett case; she is a stanch
friend to the defendant; you were not here when the case was tried, I
believe?’

“‘No
’

“‘Well, it is an interesting case, full of strange, romantic mystery
 It
is to be tried again next Thursday; so you will hear the evidence
’

“‘Quillet, if I could marry such a woman as that, I think I should be
willing to surrender my bachelor freedom, and put my neck under old
Hymen’s yoke
’

“‘Yes, no doubt of it; and I dare say I could find a brigade of men in
this city who would do likewise; but you need not lay siege to that
castle--that article is already bespoke
’

“‘How is that?’

“‘She is going to marry that tall, awkward booby yonder, leaning against
that column--the one with the long, shaggy whiskers
’

“‘Well
 well
 there is no accounting for a woman’s taste
 It is
surpassingly strange that so glorious a beauty should take a fancy to
such a bulk of humanity as that
’

“‘Hush
, hush
 he is listening to us
’

“Then they continued the conversation in lower tones, so I could not
hear any more


“The court took a thirty minutes’ recess, which afforded me an
opportunity to introduce Lottie; this I lost no time in doing


“‘Miss Wallingford,’ observed the judge, as he courtesied to her and
dropped into a seat by her side, ‘you seem to be deeply interested in
those papers; may I inquire what they refer to?’

“‘Those papers refer to the evidence that was in the Bramlett case on
the first trial,’ said Lottie, as her pretty eyes rested on the handsome
countenance of the judge


“‘Oh, yes; that is the case that was set for Thursday; a very strange
case it is, indeed
 You are the young lady who has been staying in the
jail with Miss Bramlett?’

“‘Yes, sir; and I am a true friend to that young girl
’

“‘Well, Miss Bramlett ought to be proud of the friendship of such a
lady; and I promise you that your friend shall have a fair and impartial
trial
 I suppose you will be present to witness the proceedings?’

“‘Oh, yes, I certainly shall attend the trial; I should have been
present at the first trial, but I was very ill at the time
 I have a
little favor to ask of your Honor, which I hope you will grant--provided
it is not against the rules of practice
’

“‘I beg you to name it, Miss Wallingford; and I promise in advance to
grant it, if it is within my power, even if it requires a change of our
rules
’

“‘I thank you sincerely, sir; I should like very much to have the
privilege of cross-examining some of the State’s witnesses
’

“‘Oh, is that all? You shall cross-examine all of the State’s witnesses,
if you like; and you may make a speech in defense of your friend, if you
wish
’

“‘I have no inclination to make a speech--I am not a lawyer, but I have
been studying Miss Bramlett’s case
 There are some very peculiar points
in it, with which Mr
 Rockland is totally unacquainted; and I have other
peculiar reasons for wishing to cross-examine some of the witnesses
’

“‘Mr
 Quillet,’ said the judge, addressing that gentleman with a bland
smile, ‘you had better look to your laurels, next Thursday, for I think
you are going to encounter heavier mettle than usual
’

“‘A defeat caused by Miss Wallingford would be as good as a victory over
an ordinary adversary
’

“‘You are quite complimentary, Mr
 Quillet; you seem to understand the
weakness of our sex; we all love flattery
’

“‘Candidly speaking, Miss Wallingford, I do most sincerely wish you may
be able to furnish evidence enough to justify a jury in acquitting your
friend
’

“‘Indeed, I thank you for your kind wish, and flatter myself that I
shall be able to put a different feature on the case the next time from
what it was on the first trial
 On next Thursday I am going to unravel
one of the strangest mysteries that ever was revealed in open court
 I
will make you think I am a real magician
 Lucio made a duke out of a
friar, and I will make a saint out of a murderess--that is, I will show
a saint where everybody sees a demon
’

“‘May God speed you, Miss Wallingford,’ the judge replied; ‘you deserve
success, whether you achieve it or not
’




CHAPTER XXXII



“The judge was so completely charmed by Lottie’s brilliant conversation
and sparkling wit that he forgot all about the business of his court,
and consequently the thirty minute recess was prolonged to an hour, and
probably would have gone on indefinitely, but Mr
 Quillet reminded him
of the McCay case, which had been set for trial that day


“‘Ah, yes, Mr
 Quillet,’ said the judge, as he looked at his watch and
rose from his seat, ‘I crave your pardon; I was so much fascinated with
Miss Wallingford’s conversation that I had entirely lost sight of
business
 She is the most intellectual woman I ever met
 Then her beauty
is equal to her talent; the truth is, she is an animated library
’

“‘How could she be otherwise, after being tutored by old Rockland? I
hope she is not as cold-hearted as that old iceberg
’

“‘No woman with such a face as hers ever possessed a cold heart, for I
think she is the most beautiful woman I ever saw
’

“This conversation was carried on in an undertone, close to where I sat,
and notwithstanding I had often heard extravagant encomiums passed on
Lottie’s beauty and intellect, I felt a sensation of pleasure at hearing
her praised by a man possessing such a solid mind as Judge Flipout
 I
could scarcely realize the favors that fortune had showered on me, by
enabling me to win the heart of a woman whose brilliant mind and
dazzling beauty had won the admiration of all who beheld her


“‘The State _vs_
 McCay,’ said the judge, as he resumed his seat and
began to turn the leaves of the trial docket


“‘Ready for the State,’ replied Mr
 Quillet


“‘Bring in the prisoner, Mr
 Sheriff,’ observed the judge


“That officer went into an antechamber and soon returned, followed by a
pale-faced little man, whose emaciated appearance indicated the presence
of severe illness
 He was leaning on the arm of his wife, whose haggard
features and sunken eyes exhibited unmistakable evidence of intense
suffering
 She held a sickly looking infant against her breast with one
arm, while she supported her husband with the other
 She was followed by
two pale-faced little girls, about three years old, who clung to the
tattered skirts of the faded calico dress worn by their mother
 They
were bright-eyed, pretty little timid twins, whose pinched features told
a tale of want, misery and starvation as plain as print


“‘Who is your attorney, Mr
 McCay?’ inquired the judge, as he began to
rub the left side of his nose with the forefinger of his left hand,
which he always did when vexed about anything


“‘I have no attorney, sir,’ replied the defendant meekly; ‘I did not
have any money to pay a lawyer to defend me
’

“Lottie instantly rose and whispered to Colonel Buff, a lawyer of
considerable reputation:

“‘Defend that unfortunate man, Colonel Buff, and I will compensate you
liberally
’

“The attorney then stepped forward and announced himself as attorney for
the defense


“After the indictment was read, the prosecuting witness was ordered to
take the stand
 He was a large, red-faced man, with a hangdog look on
his countenance, while an offensive scent of mean whisky and tobacco
pervaded the atmosphere for ten feet in every direction from his filthy
body
 His evidence was in substance as follows:

“‘I was passing along the street near defendant’s residence with a wagon
loaded with bacon, and when near his house, one of the wheels of the
wagon broke down, causing one of the casks to roll out; falling against
the curb-stone, it burst and scattered the meat on the ground
 The
defendant came and proposed to purchase a side of the bacon, stating
that his wife and children were on the verge of starvation, caused by
the sickness of himself and wife
 I was at first disposed to make the
trade with him, and perhaps would have done so, but I soon discovered
that he did not have any money to pay for the meat
 He begged me to sell
it to him on a short credit, making at the same time a most solemn
promise that he would pay me as soon as he got able to work
 I of course
declined to accept his proposition; he then offered to pawn his coat,
hat and pocket-knife with me as a security that I should have the money

I rejected this nonsensical offer, and went away to get my wagon wheel
mended at a shop hard by; when I returned I noticed that one of the
sides of bacon had been cut, and a large piece of it was missing
 I went
immediately to the defendant’s residence, where I found the stolen bacon
in a pot which was boiling on the fire
 I took it, and, replacing it in
the spot where it had been cut away, found it exactly fitted--consequently
I knew it was my meat
’

“‘We rest our case here, if the court please,’ said Mr
 Quillet, as the
villainous looking witness retired from the stand


“‘Have you any witnesses for the defense, Colonel Buff?’ inquired the
judge


“‘We will introduce Mrs
 McCay for the defense,’ replied Buff


“The poor woman staggered into the witness box, while the half-starved
babe was vainly endeavoring to draw a little nourishment from her
breast


“‘Mrs
 McCay,’ said Colonel Buff, ‘please tell the court and jury all
you know about this case
’

“She wiped the fast falling tears from her pale cheeks with the sleeve
of her tattered dress, and in a tremulous voice mingled with broken
sobs, said:

“‘My husband is a railway engineer, and when he was able to work, we did
not want for anything; but his health failed, and he was compelled to
give up his situation; we did not suffer for food then until I fell ill

When we both lost our health, we were driven to the necessity of selling
everything we had in order to buy provisions and medicines
 Our
condition continued to grow worse until we were driven to the very brink
of starvation, when a beautiful angel visited our humble home, and
furnished us everything necessary to make us comfortable
 She continued
to visit our house every day, supplying all our wants, and she engaged
the services of a good, kind doctor, who came to see us often, and gave
us his medicine and his kind attention
 So long as that beautiful angel
visited our home, my husband’s health continued to improve, because she
not only furnished all the provisions and medicine that we needed, but
she was such a kind, gentle nurse, that we all improved while she was
with us; but they put the beautiful angel in jail, and she never came
to visit us any more
’

“‘Edward, that was Viola,’ said Lottie, as she seized my arm and smiled
through her tears; ‘Heaven bless that dear girl, do you think now she
ever committed murder?’

“‘Before the great Creator, I declare she is not guilty
’

“Mrs
 McCay paused a moment to wipe the tears away; while Flipout put
the friction heavy on his nose


“‘My father died,’ continued the witness, ‘leaving an estate of ten
thousand dollars, and I, being his only child, was entitled to all the
money, which (had I received it) would have placed us beyond the reach
of want; but the money was paid into the hands of Mr
 Anterson, the
public administrator, who kept it and refused to pay it to me
’

“‘If the court please,’ said Mr
 Quillet, ‘while I deeply sympathize
with this unfortunate woman, I must insist that her statement cannot be
admitted as evidence in this case
’

“‘I concur with my learned friend,’ said Colonel Buff, ‘and shall not
insist on her statement as testimony unless she can tell us something
directly bearing on the case
’

“Then, addressing the witness, Colonel Buff propounded the following
question:

“‘Mrs
 McCay, do you know anything about the slice of bacon that is
alleged to have been stolen?’

“‘My husband brought home a small piece of bacon, telling me----’

“‘Stop,’ said Quillet, ‘don’t tell anything about what your husband
said
’

“‘Then I have nothing more to tell, if you refuse to hear what my
husband said, though I know he did not steal the bacon
’

“‘How do you know he did not steal it?

“‘Because he told me so
’

“‘We ask your Honor to exclude what defendant said,’ exclaimed Quillet


“‘Certainly,’ replied the judge, ‘the statements of defendant will not
go to the jury
’

“‘Any more witnesses, Colonel Buff?’ inquired the court


“After a hurried consultation with his client, the colonel rose and
addressed the court:

“‘If your Honor please, I have advised the defendant to withdraw his
plea of not guilty and throw himself on the mercy of the court, which he
has consented to do
 I have been induced to take this course because the
jury could not, consistently with their oaths, acquit the prisoner in
the face of the evidence
 This is a case which appeals in the strongest
terms to the mercy of the court, and I am sorry that your Honor does not
possess the power to discharge the prisoner, because I do
conscientiously believe the circumstances would justify your Honor in a
course of that kind, and that you would not hesitate to do it if you had
the legal authority
’

“‘Mr
 McCay,’ said the judge, ‘have you any reason to urge against the
sentence of the court?’

“The prisoner rose to his feet with trembling limbs, leaning against a
table to steady himself, and said:

“‘The prosecuting witness has sworn falsely--I did not steal his bacon;
he promised that if I would watch his property until he could go to the
shop and get his wagon wheel mended he would give me enough of the meat
for our dinner
 I agreed to remain and watch the wagon until his return,
and with this understanding he went away, leaving me with the property

Some time after he went away I cut off a few pounds of the bacon and
carried it home, as I knew my little children were very hungry,
intending to go immediately back to my post, but before I had time to
return the witness came to my house in a great passion, and charged me
with stealing the bacon
’

“As the unfortunate man resumed his seat, Flipout began to rub both
sides of his nose furiously and said:

“‘The duty which the law imposes upon me in cases of this nature is a
very painful one to perform
 I cannot escape it, though much I wish I
could
 The court will take the liberty to say that the prosecuting
witness in this case has shown himself to be a cruel, unfeeling wretch,
and it is very sorry that it has not power to inflict upon him such
punishment as his meanness so richly merits
 The punishment in this case
is about to fall on the wrong man, consequently the court will make it
as light as possible
 The sentence of the court is that the defendant be
imprisoned in the penitentiary for two years
’

“Lottie now drew her chair near a table, seized a pen, and began to
write very rapidly, and continued until she had covered two sheets of
paper; then she directed me to hand it to the judge
 He adjusted his
spectacles and read the document


“‘Mr
 Quillet,’ said Flipout, ‘Miss Wallingford has prepared a truthful
history of this case, with a petition asking the Governor to grant a
pardon, and I shall sign it with a great deal of pleasure, and hope you
will do likewise
’

“‘Indeed, sir, you could not ask me to do anything that would afford me
more gratification
’

“The judge and Mr
 Quillet placed their signatures to the paper, then
every lawyer in the room promptly stepped forward and signed it


“‘Now, Edward,’ said Lottie, ‘take this document to the telegraph
office, have it sent by wire immediately at my expense, and tell them to
send the answer to me without delay
’

“I gladly obeyed her instructions, and more than that, I hurried to Mr

Rockland’s office and prevailed on him to send a private dispatch to the
Governor, requesting a favorable consideration of the petition, knowing
that the Governor would do anything reasonable to accommodate his friend
Rockland


“As soon as I had sent off the dispatches I again made my appearance in
the court-room, supposing Lottie would be ready to return home; but in
that respect I was very much disappointed


“‘The next case on the docket, Mr
 Quillet, is the State against
Anterson,’ said the judge


“‘We are ready for the State,’ replied Quillet


“‘Is the defendant in court, Mr
 Sheriff?’

“‘Yes,’ replied a fat short man, whose skin appeared to be stretched to
its utmost capacity in the effort to cover his ponderous body


“Mr
 Anterson then moved to the front with as much dignity as ever
General Washington possessed, and announced himself ready for trial
 He
was exquisitely dressed in glossy black cloth, cut in the most approved
style, while a large ring set with diamonds sparkled on one of his
fingers, and a costly diamond pin glistened on his bosom
 His boots were
polished until they looked like the face of a mirror, and his hair was
sleek, oily, and neatly combed; his little soft hands were as white as
those of a delicate lady, and he was the most innocent, harmless looking
little man I ever beheld
 The indictment charged this innocent little
man with embezzling the trifling sum of ninety thousand dollars of money
belonging to sundry widows and orphans of the good city of Memphis,
county of Shelby, State of Tennessee
 Nineteen other bills of a similar
character had been presented against that distinguished little
gentleman, charging him with embezzlement
 The fact is, he had made a
clean sweep of something near three hundred thousand dollars of trust
funds that had come into his hands as public administrator


“‘Who are your attorneys in this case, Mr
 Anterson?’ inquired his
Honor


“With a dignified wave of his hand he pointed toward a dozen lawyers who
had assembled near their distinguished client


“‘You seem to be well supplied with attorneys, sir,’ observed the judge,
as he renewed the friction on his nose


“‘My attorneys are not all present yet, sir,’ said the handsome little
man, ‘but we can send for Mr
 Rockland and Mr
 Bullger, so as to have
them here in a few minutes
’

“‘Are you ready to proceed with the case now, gentlemen?’ inquired
Flipout, addressing the brigade of lawyers


“‘I believe we are ready,’ replied Mr
 Fullbrain, a red-faced lawyer,
with large Roman nose, broad mouth and massive jaws
 This distinguished
lawyer was commonly called Hogjaw, which nickname had been suggested by
the striking resemblance between his jaw and that of a fat Berkshire
hog


“‘We make a motion to quash the indictment in this case, if your Honor
please,’ said Hogjaw, as he held the bill up before the court


“‘State the grounds of your motion, if you please, Mr
 Fullbrain,’
exclaimed the judge impatiently, as he began to warm up his nose with
his finger, while his keen black eyes sparkled with anger


“Mr
 Quillet began to pace up and down the floor with his hands thrust
deep in his pockets, while a defiant expression mantled his face
 The
clerks dropped their pens and moved to the front so as to witness the
great brain-battle soon to be waged, while a motley crowd of idlers
moved like an ocean wave toward the combatants, eager to view the
interesting contest


“Hogjaw surveyed the crowd for a moment, slowly running his eyes over
the eager throng, as if inviting them to prepare for the intellectual
banquet which he was about to dish out to them; then turning toward the
court, he swelled out his brawny chest, as if taking in a supply of
wind, which was to be converted into a terrific tornado, with which he
expected to blow the attorney-general and his little bill of indictment
out of the court-house


“‘If your Honor please,’ began Hogjaw, ‘we think there is a fatal defect
in this bill of indictment, a patent incurable defect which must appear
as clear as the sun at noontide to the mind of an intelligent court
 It
is a source of indescribable regret to me, sir, to find such a glaring
defect in this bill, as we would have greatly preferred to try this case
on its merits, because we are happy to be able to inform your Honor that
we are prepared to vindicate the innocence of our client
 His
distinguished reputation for honor and unblemished integrity--his
lacerated feelings--his wounded pride--all cry aloud for redress
 We
feel an abiding confidence in our ability to clear our distinguished
client with the brilliant array of witnesses who are ready to testify to
his innocence, but we find the bill of indictment so fatally defective
that we are driven to the necessity of making the motion to quash
 We
would gladly have avoided this course but for the duty which we owe to
the legal profession, which tells us that such mistakes should not be
encouraged or countenanced by lawyers who profess to have such a feeling
as self-respect
 Who is the man intended to be indicted under this bill?
yes, who is the man? that is the question I dare to ask of this
honorable court
 This innocent, much injured man has been seized and
ruthlessly dragged away from the bosom of his family, and treated as a
common malefactor, all of which unpardonable wrongs have been inflicted
upon him by the officers of the law acting under a mistaken belief that
the grand jury had presented a bill of indictment, into open court
against him
 Now, sir, I boldly assert in the presence of this
honorable court and high Heaven that no such thing has ever been done

A thing, a scrap of worthless paper, is filed here, which ignorant
people might be deceived into believing was a bill of indictment, but
you cannot cram such nonsense into the brains of sensible men
 My
client’s name is Anterson, which name I unhesitatingly assert cannot be
spelled without a _t_, and if any man under the blue vault of Heaven
will show me a _t_ in connection with the name on this indictment, why,
then, I promise to surrender the case
 Doubtless the writer of this bill
was endeavoring to make a _t_ when that little deformed animal was made,
but I have the temerity to assert that no gentleman with as much as a
thimble full of brains in his head, or an ounce of self-respect in his
heart, would undertake to call that animal a _t_ in open court
 So far
as civilization extends, the English language is written and spoken, and
that elegant language is composed of certain letters whose office it is
to represent certain sounds
 The twentieth letter in our alphabet is
called _t_, which letter is made with a perpendicular stroke of the pen,
then a horizontal stroke, making a cross near the top end of the upright
line
 Now we all know that the letter cannot be made without the cross

Your Honor is doubtless familiar with the wise and charming compositions
of the celebrated poet Ramsquadlar, whose reputation is co-extensive
with the world
 That distinguished bard said:

    “‘“When you can extract the salt from the sea,
       Then without a cross can you make a t

       As sure as fog doth rise, the rain will fall,
       _T_ without a cross is no _t_ at all
”

“‘Now, sir, if that eminent poet was correct in his beautiful
composition, which I presume no one will be so bold as to doubt, I think
it settles the hash (if I may be allowed the expression) with the motion
now under consideration
 If a _t_ without a cross is no _t_ at all, then
it follows, as a matter of course, that no legal indictment has been
filed against my client
 If your Honor concedes that the _t_ is not
crossed--and that is too plain to admit of doubt--why then, of course,
the motion to quash must prevail
’

“After haranguing the court for an hour, Hogjaw dropped, overcome with
exhaustion, into his seat, while the brother members crowded round him
to offer their congratulations
 One fanned his red face, another brought
him a glass of whisky and water, a third brought a napkin, while all the
rest appeared to be anxious to render some friendly aid


“Mr
 Quillet delivered an eloquent and learned argument against the
motion, insisting that the defect was such as could be cured by
amendment; but he was forced to confess that the _t_ had not been
crossed
 It was very plain to be seen that the attorney-general was
considerably embarrassed, and a lack of confidence appeared on his face,
while his actions showed that he had an up-hill business


“As soon as Mr
 Quillet resumed his seat, Mr
 Rockland, who had been
silently watching the progress of the argument, stepped forward and
began to address the court, favoring the motion to quash
 He commenced
by a learned dissertation on the laws of creation which prevailed
anterior to the existence of Adam, then gave a graphic sketch of the
rules which God laid down for the government of Eden, showing the awful
consequences which had resulted from a disobedience of those holy laws

He then came down to the time of Moses, giving a brilliant history of
the strict discipline which that great leader enforced in his
magnificent army of exodusters, while marching out of the filthy land of
Egypt; then taking up the laws of the Medes and Persians, he explained
them to the satisfaction of the court; showing clearly wherein they
applied particularly to the case under consideration
 The renowned
advocate then paid his respects to the Koran, citing many passages which
he insisted had a direct bearing on the question now before the court;
passing on thence to the birth of Christ, he descanted at large on the
meekness and suffering of the great Saviour of mankind; and when he
began to advert to the vulgar mob of Jews who clamored for the innocent
blood of Christ, he compared them to the motley crowd of ill-bred
wretches who were clamoring for the innocent blood of Mr
 Anterson
 When
he plunged into the English law, he threw book after book behind him,
while he hurled precedents and quotations at the head of the court so
thick and rapidly that the judge became completely bewildered
 After Mr

Rockland had exhausted the laws of England, he made a raid off the
American decisions, pouring a mighty deluge of learning into the ears of
the court; then wound up with such a burst of eloquence as to bring
tears from the audience, and confusion to the mind of the court; he then
sank back in his seat, and wiped the perspiration from his brow, and
awaited the decision of the court


“Flipout dropped his head on his hands and remained silent for several
moments, evidently bewildered and confused by the vast waves of learning
that had rolled over him
 At length he rose up, rubbed both sides of his
nose with his fingers, re-adjusted his spectacles, coughed two or three
times, looked up at the ceiling as if he thought it were going to fall
down on his head, then delivered the following learned opinion:

“‘The court has listened with exquisite pleasure to the lucid and
learned argument made by the attorneys, and it feels profoundly thankful
to those wise gentlemen for the valuable assistance which they have
rendered in that respect
 This case presents many strange and difficult
features, such as we very seldom meet with in this country
 The court is
seriously impressed with the importance of this very peculiar case,
because it involves the fortunes of many poor, destitute widows and
starving orphans
 The defendant is charged with the embezzlement of
large sums of money belonging to a class of unfortunate people whose
helpless condition cries aloud to the court for protection
 The law is
made to restrain the strong and to protect the helpless, and it is the
duty of the court to enforce the law in such a manner as to attain the
end which the makers had in view when the statutes were passed

Unscrupulous men who wantonly trample on the law should have the
severest penalties pronounced against them; but we must not lose sight
of the fact that no man can be compelled to answer for a felony except
upon an indictment presented in open court by a grand jury
 The law
presumes every man to be innocent until such presumption is overthrown
by competent proof; and we all remember the Scriptural maxim that
declares it is better that ninety-and-nine guilty persons should escape
than that one innocent man should suffer
 This being the case, it
behooves us to exercise great caution in the administration of the laws

It is contended by the able counsel for the defense that this
indictment is fatally defective, because the letter t has no cross, and
many learned decisions have been cited to sustain that view
 The court
had occasion, at a former term, to examine the authorities touching this
identical question, and it considers that a very fortunate circumstance,
as it will greatly aid the court in arriving at a correct conclusion in
regard to the case now under consideration
 In the celebrated case of
Hikokolochuckle _vs_
 Lokoklohichuckle, it was held that all the letters
necessary to spell the defendant’s name must appear plainly written, so
that a man of ordinary understanding could easily determine what name
was intended
 Chief-justice Wangdoodle, in delivering the opinion in
that case, said that it was a deplorable fact that men of learning very
frequently fell into the despicable habit of neglecting to cross their
_t’s_ and dot their _i’s_
 In the case of Changtookoo _vs_

Ronder-bangtookoo, which was tried in the Celestial Empire, before the
eminent Chief-justice Shooflytoto, it was held that the twelfth letter
in the alphabet was entitled to ten tails and seven horns, and that it
could not be considered complete if either of those tails or horns was
left off
 The points decided in that case appear to have a direct
bearing on the one now before this court
 The letter referred to in that
famous case is not made with a pen, as it is in this country, but by
drowning a large battle spider in black ink, and then carefully setting
him down on white paper
 The legs of the spider correspond exactly with
the number of tails and horns necessary to constitute the letter
 In the
case referred to, it appeared that the spider which was used in making
the letter had unfortunately lost a leg in a combat with a bumblebee,
which was not discovered by the writer, consequently the letter had only
six tails, when it should have had seven
 Owing to that fatal defect,
the plaintiff lost his case, which involved an immense fortune
 Now, if
the failure to make all the tails and horns rendered that letter
defective, it would seem that a failure to cross the letter _t_ in this
case would be fatal
 Spotted Tail, the renowned Indian chief, in his
remarkable communications to the President of the United States, was
very careful to cross his _t’s_ and dot his _i’s_; therefore it is the
opinion of this court that if an ignorant savage can afford to dot his
_i’s_ and cross his _t’s_ the attorney for the State should be required
to do likewise
 Entertaining this view of the case, the court feels
conscientiously bound to sustain the motion
 Let the indictment be
quashed
’

“‘I suppose,’ said Hogjaw, ‘that all the other bills may be considered
as disposed of by this judgment, as they are all in the same category?’

“‘Yes, let all the bills be considered quashed
’

“A grand rush was made toward Mr
 Anterson by the lawyers and
spectators, who showered congratulations thick and rapid
 Every one
seemed to be eager to shake his hand, and to offer obsequious
congratulations
 The little embezzler was placed in a carriage and
driven to a saloon, where champagne sparkled--corks flew in all
directions--toasts were drunk, and shouts of joy and hilarious laughter
were wafted on the breeze


“The poor widow and helpless orphans went on starving all the same
 The
world wags on, the sun continues to shine, the moon blushes not, the
rich robber revels in stolen wealth, while Justice spreads her white
wings and bids the world farewell
 The starving wretch who steals a
slice of meat to feed his starving children must expiate the crime in
the penitentiary, while he who steals a million is champagned and
worshiped, lionized and petted


“Lottie gave me the benefit of her opinion about courts, lawyers and
judges, with a vengeance, and that opinion was anything but a compliment
to that class
 When court adjourned she beckoned me to follow her, and I
knew from the bright sparkle of her pretty eyes, and the manner in which
the corners of her mouth hung down, that she had something of importance
to communicate
 I followed her into a small antechamber adjoining the
court-room, where I saw Mrs
 McCay weeping over her husband, while the
two pretty little twins were sound asleep on the floor


“‘Oh
 Charley,’ said the unfortunate woman, as she threw her arms around
her husband’s neck, ‘if they take you to prison now, it will kill you

You have been so ill, and you are now so weak, that you cannot live if
they start with you to the penitentiary in your present condition
’

“‘Let me die, then; why should I care to live in a world that is
overflowed with injustice? I am unable to work any more, therefore it
would be better for me to be out of the way
’

“‘Dear Charley, please do not talk that way, for my poor heart is
breaking
 If they take you to the penitentiary, they may take me to my
grave, for it will kill me to lose you
’

“‘They are not going to take him to the penitentiary yet a while,’ said
Lottie, as she lifted Mrs
 McCay’s little babe in her arms; ‘I have come
to take you and your good husband home; so come along, for the carriage
is waiting at the door
’

“Mrs
 McCay wiped the tears from her eyes and began to stare at Lottie
in a bewildered manner


“‘We cannot go home now, because the sheriff was here a moment ago, and
said he would be back soon to take my husband to jail
 He told me he was
going to take Charley to the penitentiary in the morning
’

“‘But I tell you, Mrs
 McCay, that they shall not take your husband to
prison; he is a free man--here is a dispatch from the Governor granting
a full pardon, and your husband can go where he pleases; so come along
and get in the carriage
’

“Mr
 McCay fell on his knees at Lottie’s feet, seized her hand and
pressed it to his lips, while his wife knelt on the other side and took
the other hand


“‘You are a dear angel
’ exclaimed the weeping woman as she pressed
Lottie’s hand to her lips
 ‘Heaven bless you, we will be your slaves as
long as we live
’

“‘No, you will not be my slaves, either, but you shall be my good
friends
’

“The whole family was crowded into the carriage, which forced me to take
a seat by the driver
 Lottie directed the coachman to stop at the
nearest provision store, where she handed the salesman a bill of
provisions, with orders to have them immediately sent to Mr
 McCay’s
residence
 Soon after we deposited the family at the front gate a dray
stopped, and the driver began to place the provisions on the pavement in
front of the house
 A barrel of flour, a barrel of sugar, a sack of
coffee and a cask of hams, with numerous other packages, were soon
scattered about on the pavement


“‘Edward,’ said Lottie, as she cast one of her peculiarly sweet smiles
on me, ‘did you ever read Dickens on the circumlocution office?’

“‘Yes,’ I replied


“‘Very well, then you will understand my meaning when I tell you I have
started a circumlocution office of my own
’

“‘How is that?’

“‘Mr
 Anterson steals ten thousand dollars from Mrs
 McCay, and gives
Mr
 Rockland part of the money to keep him (Anterson) out of the
penitentiary; Mr
 Rockland gives me the money, I purchase provisions
with it, and deliver them to Mrs
 McCay
’

“‘That is circumlocution double and twisted
’

“We then took leave of the family who had been made happy by Lottie’s
bounty, and drove home
 I attempted to embrace Lottie as I assisted her
from the carriage


“‘Stop, sir
’ she said, ‘remember the terms of our compact--no love
demonstrations until Viola is clear
’




CHAPTER XXXIII



“At length the long expected day arrived, the time to which I had been
looking forward with a mind crowded with hope and anxiety; the day which
was to settle the fate of Miss Bramlett, as well as my own, for Lottie
had suffered herself to become so completely entangled with Viola’s
affairs that no power could separate them


“I ate a light breakfast and hurried to Mr
 Rockland’s residence, in
order to meet Lottie, according to previous arrangement, for the purpose
of escorting her to the jail
 As she met me at the front portico with
both hands held out for me to shake, a smile of unusual brightness
played on her beauteous face, while a hopeful confidence beamed from her
pretty blue eyes
 I noticed that her toilet was exquisitely arranged,
displaying evidence of unusual care, skill, and taste
 She was clad in a
neat-fitting robe of dove-colored silk, the body cut so as to exhibit
the symmetry of the waist without encumbering the movements of the arms,
terminating close up round the throat, and crowned at the top with
snow-white lace
 A large golden chain encircled her neck, at the end of
which was suspended a beautiful locket of the same kind of metal,
containing a picture of my unworthy self, which was held against her
bosom by a golden arrow running through a little ring, and fastened to
her dress
 The abundant wealth of golden hair was handsomely braided,
and resting in beautiful coils at the back of her head, being pinned up
with a Cupid dart, while an exquisite hat with two drooping plumes
covered her well-shaped head


“‘Edward, what is the matter with you this morning? I declare, you look
as blue and solemn as if you were in a funeral procession, following a
dear friend to the grave
’

“‘Lottie, have you no fears as to the result of the trial to-day?’

“‘Now that is a real Yankee style of answering questions; nevertheless,
I will give you a direct answer
 I have no fears, but to the contrary, I
am full of confidence and hope; this is to be a day of great triumph for
us
 But now I wish to know what makes you look so melancholy?’

“‘While I am hopeful, I am full of doubts as to the result, and those
doubts cling to me, despite my efforts to shake them off
’

“‘Well, all I can say is wait and see
 But it is high time we were
going, for I must have a private interview with Viola at the jail before
she goes to the court-house; is the carriage ready?’

“‘Yes, I saw it pass the window just a moment ago
’

“When we arrived at the jail, Miss Bramlett embraced Lottie
enthusiastically, uttering many endearing words of affection and
gratitude
 Her toilet was in every respect exactly similar to Lottie’s
and save the color of the hair, they were very much alike
 Lottie
requested me to leave her alone with Miss Bramlett until the time
arrived for her to go to the court-house, and I went out into the hall
and began to pace up and down the floor, counting the moments, as they
appeared to crawl at a snail’s pace
 When the two girls had been
together about an hour, a gentle rap sounded on the door of Miss
Bramlett’s room, and when it was opened the sheriff said:

“‘I am ordered, Miss Bramlett, to accompany you to the court-house; you
need not be in a hurry--I can wait until you are ready; take as much
time as you wish
’

“‘I am ready, sir, as soon as I can put on my hat and cloak
’

“‘Doctor Demar,’ said the sheriff as he came out, ‘I will place my fair
prisoner in your custody and request you to escort her to the
court-house in the carriage, and I will walk
’

“‘Why not ride in the carriage with us?’

“‘I have too much respect for Miss Bramlett’s feelings to do anything
that would look like guarding a prisoner
’

“I seized the hand of the generous-hearted officer and thanked him for
his kindness, promising to take the ladies as he requested, and he
hurried away


“When the carriage halted in front of the court-house, an immense crowd
of curious idlers began to collect near the door, eager to get a look at
the beautiful murderess (as they were pleased to designate Miss
Bramlett), and it required the services of a couple of policemen to
clear a road through the dense mass of humanity for the ladies to enter
the door


“Judge Flipout, who sat on the judicial bench reading the morning paper,
laid it down and gazed intently at the fair prisoner for a moment, then
descended, and taking Miss Bramlett’s hand, inquired about her health

After a few minutes’ conversation with her, he turned round and
addressed Lottie:

“‘Miss Wallingford, have you concluded to deliver a speech in defense of
your pretty client?’

“‘No, I have not, but if I were to make a speech, you would hear new
ideas expressed, such as would not be complimentary to courts, lawyers
and judges
 I used to be simple enough to think that courts were the
very fountains of justice, where the weak and helpless could procure
redress for wrongs inflicted on them by the strong and powerful, but the
scales of ignorance have lately been removed from my eyes
’

“‘Indeed
 I am very sorry to learn that you have such an unfavorable
opinion of us, but I trust you will alter it when you know more about
us
’

“‘I am sure I should be delighted to see something that might be
considered an improvement on the farce I witnessed here the other day
’

“‘You must not set those two cases down as a sample of what we do all
the time, because the court was forced by the law in those cases to
render decisions the effect of which was to enable guilty parties to
escape
’

“Then Judge Flipout again addressed Miss Bramlett, remaining by her side
a moment


“‘Open court, Mr
 Sheriff,’ he said as he looked at his watch
 ‘I wish
you a speedy delivery, Miss Bramlett, as much for Miss Wallingford’s
sake as for your own
 You have been quite fortunate in securing the
friendly services of such an astute attorney
’

“Then his Honor resumed his seat and listened to the reading of the
minutes, while the lawyers began to whisper to each other, and
occasionally point toward Lottie and Viola
 I was close enough to hear a
whispered conversation carried on by Hogjaw and Quillet in regard to the
two charming girls


“‘Which one is the prisoner?’ inquired Hogjaw, as he started toward the
ladies


“‘The one sitting nearest this way,’ replied Quillet


“‘There are no evidences of guilt in that face, certain
 By Jupiter, she
is pretty
’

“‘Yes, but I do not think her as beautiful as Miss Wallingford
 I have
never laid my eyes on such a model of perfection; there is an
indescribable charm about the expression of her features that eclipses
anything I ever beheld
 Just look at that pretty golden hair--did you
ever see anything like it? Look at those large blue eyes, and that saucy
dimpled chin, the straight, symmetrical form, the exquisite neck, the
rosy cheeks
’

“‘Stop, Quillet, I cry enough
 you are done for, that is plain; that
girl has captured you beyond question
’

“‘I would give a California gold mine if I could capture such a woman
for a wife
’

“‘Do you think Miss Bramlett is guilty?’

“‘I am truly sorry to be compelled to say that I do, though I do not
believe she was in her senses when she committed the murder
’

“‘Why do they not plead insanity then?’

“‘Ah, there is where the unaccountable mystery comes in; but I have
lately been informed that Miss Wallingford is in possession of some very
strange facts which she believes will secure the acquittal of her
friend
’

“‘Is it true that Miss Wallingford has lived in the jail with the
prisoner all the time?’

“‘She has been with her most of the time, despite the continued
remonstrances of old Rockland and all of her friends
 I tell you what it
is, that girl understands law as well as a majority of young members of
the bar, and we are going to have some rare fun here to-day
’

“‘How is that?’

“‘Miss Wallingford has secured permission of the court to cross-examine
some of the witnesses for the State; and I think we shall see a regular
duel between her and one of the female witnesses
’

“‘Well, Quillet, you must let Miss Wallingford have a fair chance
’

“‘Indeed I will
 she shall have her own time, and shall be allowed the
privileges of a regular member of the bar
’

“‘I guess Miss Wallingford picked up her legal knowledge from old
Rockland’s abundant store; he is a cold-hearted old cuss, but I regard
him as the best lawyer in Tennessee
’

“‘Yes, and I believe he hates everybody in the world except his wife and
Miss Wallingford, and they say he worships the very ground on which that
girl walks; he has crammed her head full of solid information, and I do
honestly believe she is the most intellectual woman I ever met
’

“‘There comes old Rockland now, looking as pale as a ghost
’

“The iron lawyer moved slowly across the room and dropped into a chair;
resting his elbows on a table and placing his face between his hands, he
stared vacantly at space without apparently noticing anybody in the
house


“‘Mr
 Quillet,’ said the judge, ‘are you ready to proceed with the
Bramlett case?’

“‘We are ready on the part of the State, if your Honor pleases
’

“‘What says the defense?’

“Mr
 Rockland straightened himself up, gazed at the judge a moment, and
ran his eyes slowly over the vast crowd of spectators, then fixed his
gaze on Lottie as if he were waiting for her to answer the judge’s
question


“‘Yes, papa,’ she whispered, ‘tell the judge we are ready
’

“‘I believe we are ready for the defense,’ growled the old lawyer as he
resumed his seat, and again rested his face in his hands


“‘Call the _venire_, Mr
 Sheriff,’ said Flipout, as a frown began to
darken his brow, occasioned, no doubt, by the confusion produced by the
restless crowd who had come in to witness the proceedings


“The first juror who presented himself was Gabriel McCracken, a very
little man, with large red nose of the Roman type


“‘Have you formed or expressed any opinion as to the guilt or innocence
of the prisoner at the bar?’ inquired Mr
 Quillet


“‘I have
’

“‘Stand aside
’

“Thomas Tadler answered to the second call, who said he had formed and
expressed an opinion, and was promptly ordered to stand aside


“The forty-seventh man called was the first one who had not formed an
opinion about the case, or anything else, because he did not have sense
enough to shape an idea on any subject
 He was a tall, hump-shouldered,
slim man, with weak, watery eyes, a starvation look resting on his face,
and a three-cornered head, covered with a profusion of long, tangled
brown hair, and an idiotic expression of countenance


“‘What is your name, sir?’

“‘Obadiah Crookwood
’

“‘What is your occupation?’

“‘I are a peanut peddler
’

“‘Have you formed or expressed any opinion as to the guilt or innocence
of the prisoner at the bar?’

“‘No, I hain’t; never hearn tell of the concern afore
’

“‘Where do you reside?’

“‘T’other side ov the bayou
’

“‘What is your age?’

“‘Don’t ‘zactly know--suppose summer about thirty, forty or fifty
’

“‘Are you a married man?’

“‘Not now--useta was
’

“‘Your wife is dead, then
’

“‘Bless your soul, her sort don’t die
’

“‘Where is your wife?’

“‘She’s livin’ with another feller
’

“‘How does it happen that your wife is living with another man?’

“‘We swapped wives
’

“‘Then you have got his wife, and he has yours?’

“‘Not ‘zactly, because hizen jumped the track and run off with Jim
Stitcher
’

“‘Why did you not then take your wife back, when the other woman
repudiated the trade?’

“‘Because I didn’t want her
’

“‘If your Honor please, I think this a competent juror,’ said Mr

Quillet


“‘What say you for the defense, Mr
 Rockland?’

“The iron lawyer waved his hand slowly toward the jury box, without
looking up or uttering a word, and Mr
 Crookwood took his seat


“The next juror who answered was a coal-black negro, with large flat
nose, flared nostrils, and a mouth extending from ear to ear, with a
form measuring six feet three at least


“‘What is your name?’

“‘Ebenezer, sah
’

“‘What is your Christian name?’

“‘Lord love your soul, boss, I iz no Christian nigger--I iz a stray
sheep from de congregation
’

“‘Have you any other name besides Ebenezer?’

“‘Ah, you bet I has, boss--lots on ’em
’

“‘What are they?’

“‘Solomon, Absalom, Lazarus, Ebenezer, sah--dey calls me Laz for short
’

“‘Have you ever formed or expressed any opinion as to the guilt or
innocence of the prisoner at the bar?’

“‘Lord love your soul, boss, I never goes in a bar, I iz a temperance
nigger; I iz an honorable member of de Murphy ‘stution
’

“‘You do not understand my question: have you formed or expressed any
opinion as to the guilt or innocence of Miss Viola Bramlett?’

“‘How could a nigger ‘spress hisself about a lady ’cept he knowed her? I
nebber seed dat ar gal afore in my born days
’

“‘Then you have never formed or expressed any opinion about her guilt or
innocence?’

“‘Nebber ’spressed myself about white folks, nebber ‘sociates wid white
people--dis nigger ’fesses to be a ge’man
’

“‘I think this is a competent juror, if the court please
’

“‘What say you for the defense?’

“Another careless wave of Mr
 Rockland’s hand, and the juror was ordered
by the court to take his seat in the box


“It was very clear to my mind that Mr
 Rockland was perfectly
indifferent as to the material being collected on the jury, and it was
also evident that he regarded the entire proceeding as a mere matter of
form to be passed over in order to reach the inevitable verdict of
guilty against the defendant


“Out of a _venire_ of three hundred men, they succeeded in securing a
jury of brainless idiots, and if any man had been bound by contract to
furnish a dozen fit subjects for a first-class lunatic asylum, he could
have used that jury as a legal tender for the debt


“While Mr
 Quillet was reading the bill of indictment, Viola fixed her
beautiful eyes on him, and listened attentively, and I could see the
regular rise and fall of her bosom, while her breathing was as calm and
gentle as that of a slumbering infant; not a muscle of her face moved,
nor did any evidence of fear or excitement manifest itself on her
features
 Lottie’s hands trembled slightly as she pulled the leaves from
a rose, and let them fall at her feet; no other signs of emotion
appeared


“The spectators and lawyers were listening in breathless silence,
anxious to hear what sort of a plea the defendant was going to put in

Absolute quiet reigned throughout the spacious room, only broken by the
solemn tones of Mr
 Quillet’s deep bass voice, as he read the awful
charge of willful and malicious murder against the beautiful prisoner

When he came to the last word in the bill he turned from the jury, and
fixing his keen black eyes on Viola’s face, paused for a moment, as the
prisoner rose to her feet and looked firmly into the face of the
attorney-general
 It was not a bold, brazen-faced, defiant stare, but it
was such a calm, dignified, charming look as I suppose the angels in
Heaven are wont to cast on each other


“‘Miss Viola Bramlett,’ said Quillet, as he bent forward, ‘are you
guilty or not guilty?’

“‘Not guilty
’ was answered in a firm but sweet tone


“Then commenced a tremendous scramble among the spectators seeking to
secure eligible seats, so as to hear the evidence
 Flipout began to put
the pressure on his nose, while the dark frown re-appeared on his brow


“‘Mr
 Sheriff,’ exclaimed the court, ‘if you do not instantly put an end
to this confusion the court will impose a heavy fine on you; order those
people to sit down, and station a deputy at each end of the aisle with
instructions to keep it clear, and report the names of persons who
disturb the business of the court
 Have your witnesses called, Mr

Quillet, and proceed with the case
’

“As the vast crowd of witnesses began to move to the front, I was
reminded of Byron’s ‘Vision of Judgment,’ wherein he gives such a
sublime history of the trial of George III
 When Saint Peter called on
Satan for his witnesses, the King of darkness waved his hand down toward
hell, when up rose a black cloud of lost souls, almost as numerous as
the legions of locusts that infested the shores of Egypt
 Now I do not
by any means intend to assert that the crowd of witnesses who came
forward to testify against Viola Bramlett were as numerous as the
countless throng that come up to offer evidence against England’s dead
king, but I merely give it as my candid opinion that his Satanic Majesty
would have scorned the idea of introducing into a decent court such a
motley crowd of witnesses as those who appeared to swear against Miss
Bramlett
 I do not apply these remarks to all of them, however, for
Doctors Dodson and Plaxico were of the number
 I was horrified to see
Mrs
 Ragland step forward and array herself on the side of the State

Could it be possible that Viola’s own aunt was to be a witness for the
State? I looked at Lottie to see if any evidences of alarm appeared in
her face, but nothing of the sort was perceptible--all seemed calm as an
unruffled lake, while the corners of her mouth were closely drawn down

Zip Dabbs appeared at the head of the long column of witnesses, and if
he had held the sun in one pocket, the moon in the other, the world on
his shoulder, with the final destiny of the entire human race in the
palm of his hand, he could not have put on a more self-important air
than he did on that occasion
 Tadpoddle appeared with his little eye on
duty, while he was making an ineffectual effort to imitate his
illustrious leader
 Miss Jemima Tadpoddle, with her tall, gaunt form
looming high above ordinary women, moved deliberately toward the clerk’s
desk, and kissed the Bible with a smack as the oath was administered by
the clerk
 Miss Clattermouth stood by the side of her tall friend,
looking like a Lilliputian by the side of Gulliver, with her little
mouth handsomely puckered as if she were afraid that the important facts
known to her would escape before she got a chance to tell them to the
jury


“As soon as the clerk completed the task of swearing the vast number of
State witnesses, the court ordered the defense to call and swear theirs


“‘If your Honor please,’ growled Mr
 Rockland, as he deliberately rose
up from his seat, ‘I believe we have no witnesses on the part of the
defense
’

“‘Yes, we have, papa,’ said Lottie, in a whisper, as she plucked at Mr

Rockland’s sleeve, ‘we have some witnesses, but we do not wish to have
them sworn just now
’

“Then the iron lawyer stated to the court that he had just learned the
fact that the defense would probably have one or two witnesses, and
asked permission to have them sworn at a later period, which was readily
granted


“‘We shall ask your Honor,’ continued Mr
 Rockland, ‘to order the
witnesses under the rule
’

“The court then instructed the sheriff to have all the witnesses
conducted to a comfortable room adjacent to the court-room, and to
station a reliable deputy with them, with orders to keep them together


“‘Will you insist on the rule being enforced as to Doctors Dodson and
Plaxico?’ inquired Mr
 Quillet


“‘No,’ said Mr
 Rockland, ‘we consent that they may remain here
’

“Doctor Plaxico was the first witness who took the stand on the part of
the prosecution


“‘Doctor Plaxico, you will please face the jury, and then proceed to
relate all the facts and circumstances connected with the death of Harry
W
 Bramlett
’

“The doctor coughed two or three times, wiped his brow with his
handkerchief, ran his fingers between his cravat and throat as if the
supply of air in his lungs was about to be exhausted, then, in a voice
tremulous with emotion, he began as follows:

“‘Harry W
 Bramlett died on the night of the 10th of February; his death
was caused by poison administered to him by some person to me unknown

Death was produced by strychnine, large quantities of it being found in
the stomach of the deceased
 I am a practicing physician, and have been
actively engaged in that profession for ten years past; could have saved
the boy’s life if I had been called an hour sooner
 Assisted at the
autopsy, found considerable quantity of strychnine--more than sufficient
to produce death
’

“‘If you found any strychnine concealed about the premises, please tell
the jury all about it
’

“‘Immediately after the child expired I began to examine the premises
with a view of securing any evidence which would tend to unravel the
strange mystery that appeared to surround the affair; the circumstances
having directed my suspicions to----’

“‘Stop, Doctor Plaxico,’ said Mr
 Rockland; ‘don’t say anything about
your suspicions, if you please--just state the facts that are known to
you
’

“‘Very well
 I found a small phial of strychnine in a bureau drawer that
stood in Miss Bramlett’s sleeping room, which apartment adjoined the one
in which young Bramlett died
 The phial was concealed in a little secret
niche on the inside of a large drawer, among a great quantity of fine
jewelry, and upon very careful inspection I noticed that some of the
strychnine had been dipped out of the phial with the blade of a knife,
or some other smooth substance, which had left its imprint plainly to be
seen on the surface of that remaining in the phial
 When Doctor Dodson
arrived, I gave him a detailed account of what had occurred, and
requested him to grant me a private interview, which he immediately did

As soon as Doctor Dodson and I were alone, I proceeded to describe all
the symptoms that had presented themselves in young Bramlett’s case, at
the same time informing him that the child had been poisoned
’

“‘Doctor Plaxico,’ said Quillet, ‘be so good as to describe the conduct
of Miss Bramlett in every particular, from the moment of your arrival
until the time you left the premises
’

“‘When I first arrived at the house, Miss Bramlett appeared to be in the
deepest distress, wringing her hands and weeping bitterly; but when the
boy expired, she ceased to weep and began to stare wildly about the room
as if searching for something, while a strange, inquiring expression was
perceptible on her features
 I noticed that she frequently picked up the
little blue papers that lay on the table, and examined each one
attentively, then replacing them, she turned round and gazed at me with
a mysterious look, as if she were waiting for me to say something
 She
would frequently glance at the door, as if she were expecting some one
to enter, and any noise seemed to frighten her
’

“‘We now turn the witness over to the defense for cross-examination,’
said Mr
 Quillet


“‘You may stand aside, doctor,’ said the iron lawyer, ‘we will not
trouble you with any questions
’

“‘We will examine Doctor Dodson now, Mr
 Sheriff, if you will call him
in,’ said Mr
 Quillet


“‘He is here, sir,’ replied the officer as Doctor Dodson came forward
and went on the stand


“‘Tell the jury all you know about the death of Harry W
 Bramlett,
Doctor Dodson--the cause of his death and all the circumstances
appertaining to it
’

“The old physician was greatly agitated, though making a vigorous effort
to conceal his emotions, but with only partial success
 A tear glistened
in his eye, while his hands trembled, and his breathing was short and
labored


“‘I am a practicing physician; was called to see young Bramlett a few
days before his death; ah, ha
 and found him suffering with ordinary
chills and fever, don’t you see? ah, ha
 Well, you see it was on the
afternoon of February 10 that I prescribed quinine; making up five
doses, I put them in blue papers and directed Miss Bramlett to
administer one dose every two hours, commencing at four o’clock p
 m
,
ah, ha
 don’t you see? I was again called to visit the patient late at
night, and when I arrived was horrified to find the child dead, ah, ha

Plaxico then requested me to grant him a private interview, and when we
were alone he informed me that the deceased had been poisoned with
strychnine; then I was greatly frightened, thinking it possible that I
might have made a terrible mistake, don’t you see? I instantly went and
examined the phial from which I had taken the medicine, which was left
on the mantel, and found it was pure, unadulterated quinine, don’t you
see? I then carefully inspected the contents of the blue papers on the
table, and found two of them containing quinine, just as I had prepared
them, while the other three were empty
 I felt greatly relieved, because
I was convinced that I had made no mistake, don’t you see how it is
yourself, ah ha? Miss Bramlett said she had administered the medicine
exactly according to my directions, commencing promptly at four, and
when she gave the third dose at eight her brother soon thereafter became
seriously ill
 I assisted at the post-mortem examination, and found a
large quantity of strychnine in the stomach, enough to produce death; am
satisfied that deceased died from poison
’

“‘What was the nature of Miss Bramlett’s conduct while you remained in
the room?’

“‘The poor child appeared to be paralyzed, stunned, as you may say, with
grief; the fact is, she seemed to be perfectly crazed by the sudden
death, ah ha
 yes, don’t you see? She had a frightful, wild appearance
difficult to describe
’

“‘Did you question Miss Bramlett about the phial of strychnine that
Doctor Plaxico found in her bureau drawer?’

“‘Yes, I asked her for what purpose she had purchased the phial of
strychnine? She hesitated a moment, and appeared to be greatly confused
by the question; then she said that she would rather not tell, and I did
not urge her any further
 I asked her if any other person had been in
the room after I had left the quinine and before her brother suddenly
grew worse
 She said that no one had entered the room, so far as she
knew
’

“‘Did you examine the phial of strychnine? if so, how much had been
taken out of it?’

“‘A small quantity had been dipped out with the blade of a knife, or
some other smooth instrument, which had left its imprint on that which
remained
 The phial had the usual label on it, with the word “poison” in
large printed letters, and a picture of a skull and crossbones just
below
’

“Doctor Dodson was permitted to stand aside, Mr
 Rockland declining to
cross-examine him





CHAPTER XXXIV



“The famous Philadelphia detective was then placed on the stand


“‘Mr
 Dabbs,’ said Quillet, ‘will you please face the jury and tell all
you know about the facts and circumstances connected with the death of
Harry W
 Bramlett
’

“The renowned detective then unbuttoned his vest, leaned back in his
seat, and thrusting his thumbs through the arm-holes, surveying the
crowd for a moment, began as follows:

“‘I have for the last ten years practiced my profession in the city of
Philadelphia, and was employed by Doctor Demar to work up the Bramlett
case
 I had been led to believe that the case was going to be a
difficult one to manage, and that impenetrable mysteries and dangerous
plots would have to be encountered and mastered before a correct
conclusion could be reached; but I do not hesitate to say that during
all my successful career as a detective officer, I never have met with a
case of murder by poison in which it was so easy to spot the perpetrator
as it has proved in this one
’

“‘We do not want to hear your opinion as to the sufficiency of your
evidence, Mr
 Dabbs,’ growled Mr
 Rockland
 ‘Tell what you know about
the case, and let the jury weigh the proof
’

“‘That is exactly what I was coming to when you interrupted me
 While
searching the premises we succeeded in making many wonderful
discoveries, all tending to fix the guilt on Miss----’

“‘Stop, sir
’ exclaimed Mr
 Rockland, as anger flashed from his eyes

‘If your Honor please, we do most earnestly protest against this manner
of proceeding
’

“‘Tell what you know about the case, sir, and let us have none of your
opinions as to where it fixes the guilt
’

“‘Very well, your Honor,’ said Dabbs, ‘I was just going to do that
’

“‘Proceed with your evidence,’ said Quillet


“‘Well, as I was telling you a moment ago, we made some startling
discoveries while going through the premises where the murder was
committed
 In a large wardrobe that stood in Miss Bramlett’s bedroom we
found a blue silk dress, which proved to be the property of that person,
and in the left-hand pocket we discovered a dose of strychnine wrapped
in a blue paper, exactly similar in all respects to those containing the
quinine that had been prepared and left by Doctor Dodson
 During our
very satisfactory search, we discovered a small quantity (say one dose)
of quinine under the grate, and upon chemical test we found that one of
the blue papers that had been left by the doctor contained traces of
quinine and strychnine both; the quinine was next to the surface of the
paper, and the strychnine on top of the quinine, showing clearly that
the quinine had been emptied out of the paper and the poison put in its
stead
 In the right-hand pocket of Miss Bramlett’s blue silk dress we
found a letter of a most mysterious character, addressed to her by a man
whom we have been shadowing all this time--an accomplice, as we have
good reason to think, though the evidence against him is not sufficient
to warrant us in demanding his arrest
 As soon as I got possession of
the letter and the strychnine, I began to make my arrangements to take
Miss Bramlett by surprise, hoping thereby to precipitate her into a
confession
 I entered her room in the jail disguised as a bill
collector, being aided, of course, by the jailer, who had orders to
assist me, I began to approach the subject which had caused my visit

After beating round for some time, I threw off my disguise, and
confronted her as the officer of the law, intending by my sudden change
to surprise her, so she would not have time to invent a lie


“‘“Miss Bramlett,” said I, as I threw off my disguise, “you are caught
at last, and the best thing for you to do is to confess and plead for
pardon
”

“‘I showed her the letter, and the strychnine that I had found in her
dress pocket, at the same time demanding an explanation
 Then, sir,
commenced some of the most splendid acting that I ever witnessed in all
my life
 I have seen Charlotte Cushman in “Guy Mannering;” I have seen
Julia Deen, Charlotte Thompson, Eliza Logan, and all of our favorite
actresses on the stage, but never has it been my good fortune to witness
such splendid acting as that performed by Miss Bramlett on that
occasion
 I am willing to state on my oath that she seemed to grow at
least ten inches taller when I showed her that letter, and although I
could not swear that real fire flashed from her pretty eyes, yet
something of a strange light blazed from them that I considered a
first-class imitation of living fire
 The manner in which she pointed to
the door, and the peculiar tone of voice she employed as she bid me go
through it, were indescribably grand, such as if acted on the stage
would create quite a sensation
 The language used was of an emphatic
nature, and the pose so sublime that it caused me to forget my position
as an officer, and implanted in my mind a desire to be somewhere else

If, however, I did for a moment forget my position as an officer, I did
not lose my self-respect as a gentleman; consequently, I at once made my
way through the door at which she was pointing, extremely disgusted with
my interview
 The very impressive manner in which that young woman
invited me out of her room had the effect, I confess, to produce a
temporary confusion, causing me to withdraw rather hurriedly, and I did
not discover the fact that I had left the letter in her possession until
I was out of her presence
 As soon as I could I returned to her room and
requested her to deliver the important document to me; but, sir, you may
imagine my astonishment, if you can, when she pointed down at her left
heel, which was on the letter, grinding it against the floor
 Yes, sir,
she was, I will not say dancing a jig on the letter, but she was making
a first-class imitation of that sort of sport
 If you will take the
trouble, Mr
 Quillet, to examine this letter, sir, you will see the
print of her boot-heel on it; the words “Dear V
” you will observe have
been almost obliterated by the print of her heel; but I can prove by
Doctor Demar that “Dear V
” was plainly written at the top of that
paper
’

“Mr
 Quillet now took the letter from Dabbs and read it to the jury


“‘She is guilty beyond all doubt,’ whispered Hogjaw to Quillet
 ‘Oh
 it
is horrible to think that such a beautiful creature could be so cruel

it will make me suspect everybody
’

“‘Mr
 Dabbs, do you know the handwriting of that letter?’

“‘Being on my oath, and therefore bound to tell the truth, I regret to
say that I do not, but I have a very strong suspicion
’

“‘We care nothing about your suspicions,’ said Mr
 Rockland; ‘be so good
as to confine your statements to what you know
’

“‘Very well, that is exactly what I meant to do, consequently, I say I
do not know who wrote that letter
 The handwriting has evidently been
disguised, and the man I suspect is a shrewd rascal, who understands the
art of deception and concealment of evidence
 We found rather a singular
contrivance at the back part of Mr
 Ragland’s vegetable garden--it would
perhaps be a misnomer to call it a gate, but nevertheless, it had
evidently served the purpose of one
 We could see where persons had
often passed through--the soft earth on the inside bore plainly the
imprint of shoe tracks, one a number eight, the other a number three
lady’s shoe
’

“‘What size shoe does Miss Bramlett wear?’

“‘She wears a number three--I procured one of her shoes, and compared it
with the track, and found that the fit was perfect
 and I do not
hesitate to swear that the track was made by the prisoner
’

“I cast a glance at Lottie, being curious to know what effect this
startling evidence would have on her; but no signs of emotion were
visible on her features
 She sat with her pretty eyes fixed on Mr

Dabbs, as if endeavoring to read his thoughts, while the corners of her
mouth were both drawn down, and her lips firmly pressed together


“Mr
 Dabbs was kept on the stand for more than an hour, and when he was
ordered to stand aside every vestige of hope had fled from my bosom
 The
proof of Miss Bramlett’s guilt appeared to me to be insurmountable and
overwhelming


“Mr
 Tadpoddle was then put on the stand, and I noticed that he had the
little eye on duty, while the large one calmly reposed in its hole
 A
roar of laughter greeted the arrival of that singular specimen of
deformed humanity
 Mr
 Tadpoddle’s evidence was nothing more nor less
than a confirmation of that given by Dabbs; but it was all that the
court and Mr
 Rockland could do to prevent him from telling what his
remarkable sister knew about the case


“‘Call in your next witness,’ exclaimed Flipout impatiently, as
Tadpoddle left the stand


“‘Bring Miss Tadpoddle now, Mr
 Sheriff,’ said Quillet as he turned
round and addressed the officer


“The eyes of two hundred men were riveted on the tall, straight form of
the witness as she moved proudly down the aisle; a scornful curl on her
thin, bloodless lips, and a haughty bend of her long, stringy neck, as
she flashed a glance of defiance at the spectators, told plainly what
contempt she felt for all of the human race, and that part of it in
particular
 Her costume was of the flashy style, the dress being crimson
silk; with as much of the material in her train as had been used in the
remainder of the garment; and as to cheap lace, and pinchbeck jewelry,
she looked as if she had just been in a storm, where such articles had
rained down on her from the clouds
 She had as much paint on her face as
a Comanche chief would have used in three months while on the war-path

Her hat contained all the colors of the rainbow, with the star-spangled
banner thrown in, while three tall plumes of different colors waved high
above her head, like those that I had seen on the hat of an
old-fashioned militia captain at a regiment muster


“‘Take a seat, Miss Tadpoddle,’ said Quillet as he pointed toward the
chair, ‘and tell us all you know about the case now on trial
’

“‘La bless your soul, sir, if I were to tell everything I know about
this case it would take me a week
 Now I never exaggerate or get
excited; I am different from other young girls--I despise exaggeration

You know there are a great many people who would not tell a lie under
any circumstances, yet they have a despicable habit of exaggerating
everything
 Very well, I am not that sort of a girl--I always confine
myself closely to the truth without exaggeration
 There is my particular
friend, Miss Clattermouth, Heaven bless her dear little soul
 She is the
sweetest creature in the world, though she has fallen into the
detestable habit of exaggerating
 You know her I presume, Mr
 Quillet?
Yes, I have heard her speak about you very often; the fact is, she is a
stanch friend of yours, and so am I; but let that pass
’

“‘Please tell us what you know about the Bramlett murder?’

“‘Ah
 yes, I beg your pardon, Mr
 Quillet, that was the very thing I was
doing when you interrupted me
 Well, you see my sweet little friend
Clattermouth came to see me one day--and, by the by, she visits me very
often--and we were correcting the proof-sheets of her forthcoming
lecture, which she was going to deliver at the next meeting of our Tramp
Reform Association; the subject of the Bramlett murder came up, and Miss
Clattermouth was thinking that it might be a good idea to mention the
case in her lecture, when I said, says I:

“‘“Jerusha----”’

“‘Stop a moment, Miss Tadpoddle,’ said the judge as he began to rub both
sides of his nose with great vigor
 ‘Mr
 Quillet,’ he continued, ‘you
will have to propound direct questions to this witness--we cannot have
the time wasted in listening to this rigmarole
 Direct the mind of the
witness to the facts you expect to prove by her, and put a stop to this
nonsense
’

“‘Miss Tadpoddle,’ said Quillet, as he moved closer to her, ‘if you ever
heard a conversation carried on between Miss Bramlett and Benjamin
Bowles, in which strychnine was mentioned, please tell all you heard
’

“‘La bless your soul, that is the very thing I was telling when the
judge interrupted me
 Yes, indeed, I did hear them talking about murder,
poison and many other awful things--that is, I heard Miss Bramlett
talking about them, but Mr
 Bowles was a mere listener
 I inferred from
what I saw and heard that Mr
 Bowles was greatly annoyed by her strange
questions about the effect of strychnine as a poison; the fact is, I
think he is a perfect gentleman--a little wild, I admit, but withal a
man of honor; he has made many liberal donations to our Tramp Reform
Association, and my friend Miss Clattermouth says that he promised
to----’

“‘Miss Tadpoddle,’ exclaimed the judge, ‘can you not tell what you know
about this case without giving a history of all creation?’

“‘La, bless your soul, yes
’

“‘Well, go on and do it then
’

“‘That is exactly what I was doing when you interrupted me
 I was
telling what my friend Miss Clattermouth said about Mr
 Bowles
’

“‘Tell us what you know about Miss Bramlett’s connection with her
brother’s death, and let Mr
 Bowles and Miss Clattermouth alone
’

“‘Miss Tadpoddle,’ said Quillet, ‘if you will just answer my questions,
I dare say we shall get along much better
 What did Miss Bramlett say to
Mr
 Bowles about strychnine?’

“‘She asked him how much strychnine it would require to produce death,
and if a doctor could tell when it had been caused by that sort of
poison; I heard her say it with my own ears, and I would swear it on a
stack of Bibles as high as this court-house; and I never exaggerate
either--I despise people who do exaggerate
 I told my friend Miss
Clattermouth about it; I said, says I:

“‘“Jerusha,” says I----’

“‘Stop, Miss Tadpoddle, don’t tell what you said, but let us hear what
Miss Bramlett said
’

“‘That is the very thing I have just told you; but if it will do you any
good, I can tell it again
’

“‘When was it you heard the conversation which you have just mentioned?’

“‘About one week before she poisoned her poor little brother
’

“‘Where did it occur?’

“‘In the alley just in the rear of Mr
 Bowles’ apartments
’

“‘How did you happen to see Miss Bramlett and Bowles on that occasion?’

“‘Well, if you must know, I was playing the rôle of detective; I had my
suspicions aroused by a little circumstance that transpired previous to
that time, and I resolved to unravel the little mystery--in other words,
I made up my mind to get even with Miss Bramlett, for she insulted me
when I asked her to join our Tramp Reform Association, and I determined
to have my revenge
 I told my friend Miss Clattermouth all about it, as
soon as we met, and we then began to arrange our plans to expose that
hussy
 I told my dear friend, says I:

“‘“Jerusha,” says I----’

“‘Never mind what you told your friend--confine your statements to what
you heard Miss Bramlett say
’

“‘That is the very thing I was doing when you interrupted me
’

“‘If you ever saw Miss Bramlett go from Mr
 Ragland’s residence to the
apartments of Mr
 Bowles, tell all about it
’

“‘La, bless your soul, I was telling that very thing when you
interrupted me; yes, I should say I did see her go to the apartments of
Mr
 Bowles
 The night was quite dark, and the lamp-lights were very dim,
but I was close enough to see her go through the slip-gap at the back of
the garden
 I was determined to stick to her until I could find out what
she was up to
 I never give up when I undertake anything--I despise
people who always give up when they encounter difficulties
 I followed
her to Bowles’ quarters, and it was after she came out of his apartments
that I heard her asking about the strychnine
’

“‘If your Honor please,’ said Mr
 Rockland, ‘I cannot imagine what
object my friend has in view by the introduction of this rigmarole
 It
would seem that the attorney for the State had lost sight of the charges
contained in his bill of indictment, and was seeking merely to destroy
the young lady’s character
’

“‘Let them go ahead, papa,’ said Lottie, ‘don’t stop them--that is the
very thing we want them to prove
’

“‘Pshaw
 child, you don’t know what you are talking about
’ growled the
iron lawyer


“‘Yes I do, papa, let them walk into the trap--I’ll spring the trigger
directly
’

“‘If the court please,’ said Mr
 Quillet, ‘we think the evidence is
competent in all respects
 We have proved by this witness that the
defendant was planning the murder a week before it was perpetrated
’

“‘We withdraw the objections,’ said Mr
 Rockland, ‘you may go on with
the evidence
’

“‘We are through with the witness,’ observed Mr
 Quillet, ‘and she may
retire, unless you wish to cross-examine her
’

“‘Stand aside,’ growled Mr
 Rockland, as he waved his hand slowly


“‘No, no, papa,’ said Lottie, ‘don’t let her go yet--I have some
questions to ask her
’

“‘Hold on a moment, if you please, Miss Tadpoddle,’ exclaimed Mr

Rockland; ‘if your Honor will permit Miss Wallingford to ask the witness
a few questions, we will esteem it a favor
 She has been with the
defendant most of the time, and is very familiar with the points of the
case
’

“‘Certainly, certainly
’ said the judge, ‘let Miss Wallingford ask as
many questions as she pleases
’

“A great sensation was caused among the spectators at this new turn of
things, and a scramble for front seat ensued
 The crowd swayed back and
forth, while all the lawyers moved close to Lottie, and gazed at her
with open mouths


“‘Now the fun begins,’ whispered Quillet to Hogjaw


“‘Miss Tadpoddle,’ said Lottie, in a calm, firm tone, ‘I believe you
said the night you saw Miss Bramlett with Bowles was very dark?’

“‘Yes, of course I did; and I’ll say it again, if it will do you any
good
’

“‘Never mind, once will do
 How did you know it was Miss Bramlett if the
night was so dark?’

“‘How did I know it was she?’

“‘Yes, how could you know it was Miss Bramlett, when it was so dark that
you could not see her face?’

“‘I never said I saw her face; the fact is, I did not see her face,
because she had it concealed behind a heavy veil
’

“‘Then how did you know it was Miss Bramlett?’

“‘I knew her by the dress she had on--it was her blue silk and I knew it
as well as I know my own silk, because I helped her alter it one day
 It
was too short in the skirt, and I let it out so as to make it the proper
length
’

“‘How could you tell it was a blue silk dress when it was so dark?’

“‘I followed her down the street, and when she would pass near a
lamp-post I could see the color of the dress distinctly
’

“‘Then the only reason you have for saying it was Miss Bramlett was
because you knew the blue silk dress?’

“‘No, that is not the only reason, by a long jump, I’ll let you know
’

“‘What other reasons have you besides the dress?’

“‘Didn’t I see her come out of Mr
 Ragland’s house, and go to Bowles’
quarters? Didn’t I see her meet him in the garden at another time, when
I was waiting to meet Mrs
 Ragland?’

“‘Well, tell us about the first time you saw Bowles and the woman
together in the garden
’

“‘Haven’t I told it? What do you want me to tell it a dozen times for?’

“‘The witness will answer the questions promptly
’ said the judge


“‘Oh
 very well, I can tell it over a thousand times if you want it
 I
saw Miss Bramlett meet Bowles in the garden one night, about a week
before I saw her go to his quarters
’

“‘Did she have on the same blue silk dress the first time you saw her
meet Bowles?’

“‘I don’t know--I was not close enough to tell
’

“‘How did you know it was Miss Bramlett, then?’

“‘The servant told me that Mrs
 Ragland had gone visiting, and while I
was waiting for her return, I saw a woman meet Bowles in the garden, and
knowing that Mrs
 Ragland was not at home, I knew it must be Miss
Bramlett--now you have it
’

“‘Then the only thing that caused you to think it was Miss Bramlett was
the fact that you saw a woman in the garden, and having been informed
that Mrs
 Ragland was not at home?’

“‘Yes, I suppose that is the way of it
’

“‘Did you go up to Miss Bramlett’s room to ascertain whether she was
there or not?’

“‘Why should I go up to her room to look for her, when I saw her in the
garden?’

“‘You did not know it was Miss Bramlett you saw in the garden; it might
have been some one else
’

“‘It might have been somebody else, but it wasn’t
’

“‘How can you swear that it was not somebody else?’

“‘How many times do you want me to tell it?’

“‘Only once
’

“‘Haven’t I told you more than once?’

“‘Answer the question, madame,’ said Flipout, while he rubbed his nose
unusually hard


“‘What was the question?’ inquired Miss Tadpoddle as she looked daggers
at Lottie


“‘I asked you how you could swear it was not somebody else you saw in
the garden
’

“‘I never said I could swear it was not somebody else
’

“‘Very well; then can you swear that it was Miss Bramlett?’

“‘You can’t make me swear a lie if you work on me till Gabriel comes
with his trumpet
’

“‘I do not want you to swear falsely; I would much rather hear you swear
the truth
’

“‘That is precisely what I mean to do; I never exaggerate; I hate
exaggeration--it is my nature to despise it
’

“‘Miss Tadpoddle, do you, or do you not, know who the woman was that you
saw in the garden?’

“‘I will not swear positively that I did know who she was, but I thought
it was Miss Bramlett
’

“‘When you were playing detective that other night, what kind of a gown
did you have on?’

“‘Now, I should like to know what on earth you ask such a question as
that for?’

“‘Answer the question,’ thundered Flipout


“‘Very well, if you must know, I did not have on any gown at all
’

“‘How did you happen to be parading the streets at night without a
gown?’

“‘Did you never see any one clad without a gown?’

“‘How were you dressed on that occasion?’

“‘I had on a suit of my brother’s clothes; now, then, what else do you
want to know about it?’

“‘How far were you from Bowles when you heard the woman ask him about
the strychnine?’

“‘I suppose I was twenty yards from him
’

“‘Did you recognize Miss Bramlett’s voice?’

“‘I wouldn’t swear that I did, because I wasn’t close enough to do that;
though I knew it was she by the dress
’

“‘What reply did Bowles make when she asked him how much strychnine it
would take to kill?’

“‘I did not hear his reply distinctly
’

“‘Did Bowles accompany the woman to Mr
 Ragland’s house?’

“‘He parted with her in the garden, after kissing her a dozen times
 I
declare, it made me sick to see such carryings-on
’

“‘How did you get into the garden?’

“‘Why, I just put one foot on the railing and then set my other foot on
the railing on the other side; then I jumped over, the same as a man
does when he gets off a horse
’

“‘Did you see Mrs
 Ragland on the first night you discovered Bowles and
the woman in the garden?’

“‘No; I waited for her until I got tired, then I went home
’

“‘You may stand aside now,’ said Lottie


“Then Miss Tadpoddle gathered up her skirts and giving Lottie a scornful
look, moved away with long and rapid strides


“‘Quillet,’ whispered Hogjaw, ‘you have caught a tartar, I think
’

“‘How is that?’

“‘That Miss Wallingford has got a trap set for some of your witnesses, I
infer from the shape of her questions
 I tell you, she is a trump, as
sure as you are born; and she will spring a mine under your case yet
that will blow it skyward
 I know by her looks and the manner of her
questions that she means mischief; somebody is going to get scratched
yet before this case is ended
’

“‘She lacks a great deal of being a fool, at any rate, and I should be
very glad if she can develop any facts that would benefit her
unfortunate friend
’

“‘Why did you not have Bowles arrested as an accomplice?’

“‘The proof against him is not sufficient to convict, though it looks
very suspicious; and then I wanted to use him as a witness
’

“‘Which witness will you examine next?’ said the judge


“‘Bring in Benjamin Bowles, Mr
 Sheriff,’ said Mr
 Quillet, without
giving a direct answer to the judge’s question


“Mr
 Bowles walked forward with a dignified step and serene countenance,
and took his place in the witness box, as he cast a scornful glance on
the jury
 His dress was fashionable, faultless, and eminently exquisite,
cut in the most approved style of dandyism
 A large diamond pin flashed
its bright rays from his bosom, and mingled with the sparkle of the
gaudy rings on his fingers
 His hair was very glossy, richly perfumed,
and nicely parted in the middle, while his white cravat was tied in a
most beautiful fashion
 There was a look of bold impudence about the
countenance that amounted to an insult, while you could see an
indescribable something that convinced you that Satan had sealed him as
his own property


“‘Mr
 Bowles,’ said Mr
 Quillet, ‘are you acquainted with Miss Viola
Bramlett?’

“‘Yes
’

“‘How long have you known her?’

“‘Five or six months
’

“‘If she ever asked you any questions about strychnine, please state
what she said
’

“‘On several different occasions Miss Bramlett propounded questions to
me of a very startling character, but I do not recall the exact words
she used
 I remember one night, about a week before her brother’s death,
she asked me if a doctor could tell when any one had been killed with
strychnine
 She also wanted to know how much strychnine it would take to
produce death
’

“‘What reply did you make to such questions?’

“‘I evaded the questions by changing the conversation to other topics,
but she would whip round and get back to the same subject
 She persisted
in pumping me on the subject, until my suspicions were roused, and I
avoided her after that
’

“‘Where were you when you had the last conversation with her about
strychnine?’

“‘She commenced the conversation at my apartments, but continued to talk
on the same subject after we got into the street
’

“‘She had been visiting you at your rooms, then?’

“‘Yes
’

“‘Did you ever meet Miss Bramlett in Mr
 Ragland’s garden?’

“‘Yes, very often
’

‘“If the court please,’ said Mr
 Rockland, ‘I do most earnestly protest
against this sort of evidence
’

“‘Hush, papa
’ whispered Lottie, as she kept plucking at Mr
 Rockland s
sleeve, ‘let him go on; he is already in my trap, and is one of the main
birds I have set the net to catch
’

“‘We withdraw all objections to the evidence,’ said Mr
 Rockland as he
resumed his seat and gazed inquiringly at Lottie
 ‘What in the name of
common sense do you mean, daughter, by a trap set for the witnesses?’

“‘Bowles has sworn to an absolute falsehood, and I will trap him before
long
’

“‘Take the witness, Mr
 Rockland,’ said Mr
 Quillet as he leaned back in
his seat, thrust his hands in his pockets, while a smile of triumph
played on his handsome features


“‘I will cross-examine him,’ whispered Lottie as she began to turn the
leaves of a memorandum book which she held in her hand


“‘Mr
 Bowles, what is your occupation?’

“‘I am a sportsman
’

“‘Please explain what you mean by the word sportsman?’

“‘I mean that I am a turfman, and follow the business as an occupation
’

“‘Are you not the owner and proprietor of a gambling hell in this city?’

“‘I don’t know that there is any hell about it
’

“‘You need not answer any question, Mr
 Bowles, that would tend to
criminate you,’ said Mr
 Quillet


“‘Oh, I am perfectly willing to answer all questions
’

“‘Very good, then I will repeat the question
 Are you not the keeper of
a gambling house in this city?’

“‘No, I am not; but I keep a suite of rooms where my friends frequently
assemble to engage in a harmless game of cards, merely for amusement
’

“‘Do you run a faro bank, and a roulette table at those rooms?’

“‘I am not a faro dealer myself, though such a machine is sometimes
operated there
’

“‘Now, Mr
 Bowles, do you swear that Miss Viola Bramlett ever was inside
of your apartments?’

“‘Yes, certainly I do
’

“‘Did anybody else ever see her in your quarters, besides you?’

“‘I don’t think they ever did
’

“‘Were you ever acquainted with a woman by the name of Victoria Totten?’

“If an adder had stung Mr
 Bowles in a vital part, he could not have
changed color as quickly as he did when the name of Victoria Totten was
mentioned
 His face, which was actually florid, turned as pale as death,
and his white hands trembled as he put a glass of water to his lips
 His
agitation, however, was only temporary, for he was a bold villain, who
could command himself under adverse circumstances


“‘What name was it you asked me about, madame?’

“‘I asked you if you ever knew a woman named Victoria Totten?’

“‘I declare, I don’t remember; the names, however, seem familiar to me,
but I can’t exactly call to mind any acquaintance of that name
’

“‘Perhaps I can assist your memory a little
 Did you know the widow
Totten, who resided three or four miles from Vicksburg, Mississippi, who
had a daughter named Victoria?’

“‘I don’t think I did
’

“That answer was made by Bowles in a tremulous tone, while he showed
signs of great uneasiness


“‘Have you ever been married, Mr
 Bowles?’

“‘No
’

“‘Did you ever live in New Orleans with a woman whom you represented to
be your wife?’

“‘Yes
’

“‘If the court please,’ said Mr
 Quillet, as he sprang quickly to his
feet, ‘I must confess I cannot see wherein this kind of evidence can
have any connection whatever with this case
’

“I heard Lottie whisper to Mr
 Rockland, as I was sitting near her:

“‘Tell the court, papa,’ said she, ‘that we will connect it with the
case very soon
’

“The iron lawyer then said to the court:

“‘We think we will be able to connect this testimony with this case, and
if we fail, then your Honor can rule it out
’

“‘The court cannot see the applicability of the evidence to the case now
on trial, but the defendant has a right to introduce evidence in the
order chosen by her attorney
 I will not give any opinion just now, but
will decide upon it when all the testimony has been put before the
court
 Proceed with the examination
’

“‘What was the name of the woman whom you represented to be your wife?’

“‘I had rather not answer that question, as it might compromise a lady’s
character
’

“‘We object to the question,’ said Quillet


“‘We insist on an answer,’ said Mr
 Rockland; while Bowles changed from
a deep red color to a deathly pallor


“‘The court will not permit such questions to be propounded, unless the
attorney for the defense can state some reasons for inquiring into the
private history of a woman residing in New Orleans
’

“‘The woman alluded to,’ said Mr
 Rockland, ‘does not reside in New
Orleans at this time; but she is here in the city of Memphis; and Miss
Wallingford informs me that we will connect all this proof directly with
the case now on trial
’

“‘In view of that statement, the court will permit the question to be
asked
’

“Bowles moved uneasily backward and forward in his seat, wiped the big
drops of perspiration from his brow and coughed several times
 As he
played with his watch chain I could see that his hands were trembling
and his face became deathly in its pallor


“Lottie repeated the question


“‘Her name was Rose Elrod
’

“‘Where is she now?’

“‘I don’t know
’

“‘Mr
 Bowles, don’t you know that you were living with Miss Victoria
Totten, a young girl whom you had induced to elope with you?’

“‘No, I do not
’

“‘We have got him safe in the trap at last,’ said Lottie, in a whisper,
as she put her mouth close to my ear


“I remembered the time when that identical scamp insulted her, when she
was a helpless orphan child, and how he swore a lie against Harry
 Then
I thought of the old adages: ‘Chickens will come home to roost,’--‘Every
dog will have his day,’ etc
 Lottie was having her revenge now; though
she was not actuated by any feeling of that sort--but she was working to
save her friend


“She took a letter from her satchel, and after carefully removing it
from the envelope handed the latter to Mr
 Bowles


“‘Is that your handwriting, Mr
 Bowles?’

“He first held the paper close to his eyes, then at arm’s length; he
next twisted himself round, as if he wanted some light, and wiped his
brow hurriedly


“‘I can’t say--that is, I think--er--er--I was not certain--ahem
 I was
under the--well, the writing looks a little like mine, though I can’t
say I wrote it
’

“‘Can you swear that you did not write it?’

“‘I--I--I--that is, I don’t know--I don’t think I did
’

“‘Mr
 Quillet,’ said Lottie, ‘please loan me the note about which Mr

Dabbs testified
’

“Mr
 Quillet handed it to her


“‘Mr
 Bowles, did you write that note?’

“‘No, I did not
’

“‘Mr
 Bowles, don’t you know that that letter was intended for the woman
whom you represented to be your wife, and not for Miss Viola Bramlett?’

“‘I know nothing whatever about that note
’

“‘Don’t you know that the woman with whom you lived in New Orleans, the
same one you represented to be your wife, is now living in the city of
Memphis?’

“‘No, I do not
’

“‘The witness may stand aside,’ said Lottie, as she turned round and
whispered to me


“‘Eddie, we have got the birds in the trap at last
 I will spring the
trigger when the next witness takes the stand
’




CHAPTER XXXV



“The next witness introduced was Mrs
 Ragland, a very beautiful woman--a
brunette of the Guluare type
 She was elegantly attired in a gown of
drab silk, with an abundant train, containing innumerable flounces
trimmed with Valenciennes lace
 Diamonds flashed from her bosom, neck
and arms, and a massive gold chain encircled her neck two or three
times, at the lower end of which was fastened an exquisite lady’s watch,
half concealed in a shallow pocket at her waist
 Her large dark eyes
rolled about wildly beneath very long, heavy lashes
 There was a
mysterious restlessness in the expression of her great black eyes which
convinced me that she possessed a soul that was a stranger to happiness


“‘Mrs
 Ragland,’ said Mr
 Quillet, ‘if you ever saw Miss Bramlett meet
Mr
 Bowles, please tell the jury when and where it was
’

“‘I have very often seen them meet in our garden; can’t say exactly how
often, though I can positively assert that they met as many as three
times
 The last time I saw them meet was but a very few days before Miss
Bramlett’s little brother died; don’t know the exact date, but am sure
it was less than a week before her brother’s death
’

“‘If you ever heard any conversation between Miss Bramlett and Mr

Bowles, please tell what was said by each of them?’

“‘I distinctly remember one occasion when I heard a conversation between
them, but I think that most of the talking was done by Miss Bramlett
 To
the best of my recollection, it was about the 1st of February, at night;
the weather was uncommonly warm and oppressive; I was suffering with a
severe headache, and I concluded that probably a stroll in the garden
would have the effect to ease my sufferings
 After walking about in the
garden for some time, I went into the summer-house and took a seat on
one of the low wooden benches that stood near the wall, which was
covered with honeysuckle vines, under which I was partially concealed
 I
had been there but a few minutes when I heard footsteps sounding on the
ground, and was very much frightened when I discovered a man coming
toward me from the extreme rear of the garden
 He approached to a spot
within five paces of the summer-house, and halting, instantly gave a low
whistle which I suppose was a signal to notify Miss Bramlett of his
arrival
 As soon as he halted, I discovered that it was Mr
 Bowles
 I
suppose he had been there somewhere about five minutes, when I saw Miss
Bramlett coming from the house
 She approached the spot where Mr
 Bowles
was and entered into a whispered conversation with him, all of which I
could distinctly hear
 She commenced the interview by urging him to
fulfill a promise of marriage, which she alleged he had made, and which
he did not deny
 He made many protestations of love to her, which she
returned in very earnest language, and after the conversation had run on
the subject of love and marriage for some time, she asked him how
strychnine was used to kill rats; then she brought the conversation
round to the effect such a poison would have on the human system
 After
a while she put the question to him directly, by asking him how much of
the poison it would require to kill a man; and then she asked how much
it would take to kill a child under ten
 She also asked him if a doctor
could tell when a person had died from the effects of strychnine
 Mr

Bowles endeavored to change the subject by asking questions about other
things, but she invariably whipped round and came back to the subject
and persisted in talking about it, until Mr
 Bowles in an angry tone
threatened to depart and leave her unless she would hush talking about
poison


“‘“Viola,” said Mr
 Bowles, “I do not like to have you talk that way--it
makes me shiver to listen to it
”

“‘After they had conversed there about thirty minutes, he invited her to
accompany him to his apartments, which she consented to do, and passed
out through the garden and disappeared down the street
’

“‘You may take the witness, if you wish to cross-examine her,’ said Mr

Quillet


“‘Have you been friendly with Miss Bramlett all the time since she came
to reside in your husband’s house?’

“‘I cannot say that we were all the time friendly, for we did frequently
have little disputes about matters of a trifling nature; but I never for
a moment harbored any ill-will or malice toward Miss Bramlett
 I, of
course, did not approve of her conduct, and many times have remonstrated
with her about the impropriety of it, but instead of thanking me for my
good advice, she would fly into a passion; with that exception, our
relations were undisturbed
’

“‘Mrs
 Ragland, have you not often borrowed large sums of money from
Miss Bramlett?’

“‘Well, I do not know what you would consider a large sum of
money--people have different ideas on that subject, you know
’

‘“Very well, then; just tell us how much money you did borrow from her
’

“‘I remember borrowing five hundred dollars from her on one occasion
’

“‘What did you do with that five hundred dollars?’

“‘That is none of your business, Miss Wallingford; you have no right to
be prying into my private affairs
’

“‘You must answer the question, madame,’ said the judge


“‘I could not tell now, to save my life, exactly what I did do with it
’

“‘Did you not borrow the money expressly for Benjamin Bowles?’

“‘No, I did not
 Why should I be borrowing money for him?’

“‘That is the very thing we are endeavoring to find out
 Did you not
borrow as much as five hundred dollars from Miss Bramlett on two
different occasions
’

“‘Perhaps I did
’

“‘Don’t you know you did?’

“‘Well, yes, I believe I did
’

“‘Have you ever paid any of that money back?’

“‘No; I have not
’

“‘About one week before the death of Miss Bramlett’s little brother, did
you not borrow from her one thousand dollars?’

“‘I think I did
’

“‘Don’t you know you did?’

“‘Yes
’

“‘What did you want with it?’

“‘I do not now remember exactly what I did want it for
’

“‘Did you not borrow it for Benjamin Bowles?’

“‘No, I did not; but I dare say I got it to pay for a set of diamonds,
or something of the sort
’

“‘Were you acquainted with Mr
 Bowles before you were married to Mr

Ragland?’

“‘No
’

“‘What was your maiden name?’

“‘Helen Herndon
’

“‘Are your parents living now?’

“‘No, they are both dead
’

“‘Where and when did they die?’

“‘In the State of Louisiana, ten years ago
’

“‘Were you ever acquainted with a woman named Victoria Totten?’

“At the mention of that name, Mrs
 Ragland’s face turned ghastly pale,
and she gave a sudden start, as a person would when stung by a wasp, but
she promptly answered:

“‘No
’

“‘Did you ever reside in the city of New Orleans?’

“‘No
’

“‘Have you ever been in that city?’

“‘Yes
’

“‘Now, Mrs
 Ragland, will you state on your oath that you never did
reside in New Orleans as the reputed wife of Benjamin Bowles?’

“‘Yes, I will; and I do not thank you for asking me any such a
question
’

“‘I do not wish or expect any thanks from you, madame, but I merely want
to get at the truth
 Mrs
 Ragland, did you ever see a copy of Bolivar
Bramlett’s will?’

“‘Perhaps I have
’

“‘Don’t you know you have?’

“‘Suppose I have: what does that signify?’

“‘Just answer the question, if you please
’

“‘Very well, then--I have seen a copy of the will
’

“‘Did you not send to New York for a copy of the will, and pay ten
dollars for it?’

“‘Oh, yes, I declare, I had forgotten all about it
’

“‘Yes, I dare say you had forgotten all about such a trivial little
circumstance; but I want you to tell the jury what object you had in
view when you paid ten dollars for a copy of Mr
 Bramlett’s will
’

“‘I cannot remember precisely what I did want with the copy, but I
suppose I was prompted by sheer curiosity
’

“‘Is this the copy of the will that you received from New York?’

“Lottie handed her a large bundle of papers, containing at least a dozen
sheets of paper covered with writing, the last one being sealed with red
wax, to which was attached a blue ribbon, just below the notary’s
signature


“‘This looks very much like the copy I received, though I could not
swear positively that it was the identical document
 If it is the same
paper, some thief has stolen it from my bureau drawer; and I should like
very much to know how you got possession of it
’

“‘I dare say you would, and I promise that you shall know all about it
very soon
 Who, under Bolivar Bramlett, would inherit his immense
wealth, if Miss Bramlett and her brother had both died childless?’

“‘I believe it would have come to my husband
’

“‘Don’t you know it would?’

“‘Yes, I suppose I do
’

“‘Then your husband would have been the possessor of a very large
fortune, if those two children had died childless?’

“‘Yes, I suppose that is the way of it
’

“‘But you did not want those two children to die, and leave your husband
to be bothered with the management of such a large fortune?’

“‘I do not know that I ever gave a thought to that subject
’

“‘Well, were you not frequently in need of money?’

“‘I don’t know that I was frequently in need of money, though I did
sometimes borrow a little from my niece
’

“‘Why did you not get money from your husband when you stood in need of
it, instead of borrowing it from Miss Bramlett?’

“‘My husband was not in a condition to let me have money
’

“‘Then how did you expect to pay the money back that you borrowed of
Miss Bramlett?’

“‘I do not know that I ever gave a thought to that subject
’

“‘Were you ever in a gambling house on Canal street, New Orleans?’

“‘No, I was not; and I should like to know why you ask such absurd
questions of me?’

“Be patient, madame, and it will all be very plain to you in a short
time
 What number shoe do you wear?’

“‘Number four
’

“Lottie then opened a little portmanteau which the coachman had brought
in that morning, and placing it on the floor near her, took out a pretty
little number three lady’s boot, and handed it to Mrs
 Ragland


“‘Please examine that boot and tell me whether or not you ever saw it
before?’

“‘La, yes, indeed, I have seen it before
 it is mine--it was stolen from
my boudoir, and I should like very much to know the thief
’

“‘You shall see the thief before you leave the stand; but tell us what
is the number of that boot?’

“‘It is a number three, I believe; I know it is too small for me--I
could not wear it, for that very reason
’

“‘Have you not very often worn this boot, along with its mate?’

“‘No, I don’t think I have, because they hurt my feet so that I could
not wear them
’

“‘Then will you be so good as to explain how this heel came to be so
much whetted off?’

“‘I cannot tell, unless it was done by Miss Bramlett, as she very
frequently wore them, because her foot is smaller than mine, and a
number three exactly fits it
’

“‘Are you not wearing a number three shoe now?’

“‘Perhaps I am; in fact, I know I am, because I was pressed for time
this morning, and during the confusion my maid put on a pair of number
threes, which I did not notice until I got out of the carriage to come
into the court-room, and then I found it out, because my feet were being
pinched
’

“‘How does it happen that you have so many number three shoes about your
house, when you say that you only wear number fours?’

“‘You know how foolish we ladies are about the looks of our feet, and
you also know that we very often thrust them into shoes that are too
small
’

“‘You admit, then, that you are now wearing number three shoes?’

“‘Yes
’

“‘I see that you have lost the set out of that beautiful ring on the
third finger of your left hand; will you be so good as to let me examine
it?’

“‘Now I should like to know what you want with one of my rings?’

“‘You must let Miss Wallingford examine the ring, madame,’ said the
judge as he leaned over his desk and watched Lottie with eager looks


“Mrs
 Ragland took the ring from her finger and handed it to Lottie, at
the same time casting on her a gaze of intense hate


“‘Where and when did you lose the set out of this ring, Mrs
 Ragland?’

“‘I lost it somewhere about the 1st of last February, but I do not know
where I lost it
’

“‘Would you recognize the set if you were to see it again?’

“‘I would, if I were to find it in an African desert, for it is a
genuine diamond, for which I paid three hundred dollars
’

“‘Did you ever pass through a secret opening at the back part of your
garden, and enter the street that leads near it?’

“‘Why should I pass through that way to get into the street, when we
have two gates that open into the front street?’

“‘I did not ask you _why_ you did it, but I asked you if you ever did do
it?’

“‘Very well, miss, then I answer, No
’

“‘Did you not frequently visit Mr
 Bowles at his apartments?’

“‘No, I did not; and I do not thank you for propounding such questions
to me
’

“‘I am not seeking for thanks, but merely wish to get at the facts
 Did
you ever have an interview with Mr
 Bowles in the summer-house in your
garden?’

“‘No, I did not; what business could I have with Mr
 Bowles?’

“‘That is the very thing we are trying to find out
 Is this the set that
belongs to your ring?’

“Lottie handed Mrs
 Ragland a large diamond set, the same that had been
found by the detectives


“‘La, yes, that is the very identical set that I lost; but I dare say
that the same thief who stole my shoes took the set out of my ring
’

“‘Look at this picture, madame, and tell me if you recognize it?’

“‘Oh, yes; that is a picture of Mr
 Bowles
’

“‘Will you be so good as to tell the jury how it happened to be hidden
away in your bedroom bureau?’

“‘I do not know why you should choose to employ the word _hidden_ unless
you take pleasure in making insulting insinuations
 I dare say the thief
who stole that picture might have taken many others from the same place
if she had tried, for I am sure there were many others there
’

“‘Did not Mr
 Bowles give you this picture in exchange for yours, which
was found in his possession?’

“‘In the first place, I did not know he had my picture in his
possession, for I am sure I never gave it to him
’

“‘Now, Mrs
 Ragland, don’t you remember that you had your picture put in
a costly gold locket for the express purpose of presenting it to Mr

Bowles?’

“‘I do not remember anything of the sort: Mr
 Bowles may have purchased
a gold locket, and he may have bought one of my pictures, but I know he
never received one from me
’

“‘Please examine this locket, Mrs
 Ragland, and then tell me whether or
not you gave it to Benjamin Bowles
’

“‘I never saw it until this moment
’

“‘You see that the words, “From Victoria to Benjamin” are engraved on
the back of this locket; now, can you explain why the name of Victoria
should appear on this locket, when you swear that your name is Helen?’

“‘Why should you expect me to be able to explain it any more than you
could, when you have just heard me say that I never saw that locket
until this moment? Mr
 Bowles could very easily put my picture in any
sort of a case he pleased, and if he chooses to put it into a locket
containing another person’s name, it does not in any manner disturb me
’

“‘Mrs
 Ragland, do you not know that you had that locket made to order,
about two years ago, at the house of F
 H
 Clark?’

“‘If I ever ordered such a job, I do not now remember it
’

“‘Mrs
 Ragland, don’t you know that your maiden name was Victoria
Totten, and that you lived in New Orleans as the reputed wife of
Benjamin Bowles?’

“‘No, I do not know any such thing
 It is my opinion that no lady would
ask a witness any such insulting question; but I suppose you are anxious
to play smart
’

“A sweet smile played for a moment over Lottie’s beautiful face, and
then resuming her usual calm, composed demeanor, she proceeded with the
examination, without evincing any signs of annoyance at the ill-natured
remarks


“‘Mrs
 Ragland, were you ever acquainted with a widow lady residing a
few miles east of the city of Vicksburg, Mississippi?’

“‘No
’

“‘Please examine this letter, and tell the jury whether you ever saw it
before or not
’

“The letter which Lottie handed to the witness was the one that Mr

Dabbs said he had found in the pocket of Miss Bramlett’s silk dress, in
which the loan of five hundred dollars was mentioned, and the same that
was signed with the letter ‘B
’ and directed to ‘Dear V
’ As Mrs

Ragland gazed at the mysterious letter, her hands trembled violently,
while a deathly pallor spread over her face


“‘This is the first time I ever laid my eyes on this letter
 I suppose
it was intended for Miss Bramlett, as I see that it was directed to her,
and I understand that it was found in her dress pocket
’

“‘Do you recognize the handwriting?’

“‘No
’

“‘Don’t you know that it is the handwriting of Mr
 Bowles?’

“‘I don’t think it is, though it somewhat resembles his writing
’

“‘Here is another letter which I want you to examine, and then tell me
if you ever saw it before
’

“Mrs
 Ragland’s agitation now increased until her body was shaking like
one in an ague fit, while her face lost all signs of blood, and the
letter fairly rattled in her hand as she attempted to read it


“‘I never saw that paper until this very minute
’

“‘Now, Mrs
 Ragland, if you never saw that letter before to-day, will
you be so good as to explain how it came to be concealed in the pocket
of one of your silk dresses?’

“‘How should I be expected to explain how it came there, when I did not
know it was there, and when I did not have anything to do with it? I
dare say Miss Bramlett could give you the information you seek, for if
it was found in the pocket of my dress, you may be sure she placed it
there, in order to avert suspicion from herself, and to fix it on me

You see that the letter was directed to her, and as she was in the habit
of wearing my dresses very frequently, it may be possible that she left
it there by mistake
’

“Lottie then, in a low whisper, requested Mr
 Rockland to read the
letter to the jury


“‘If the court please’ said the iron lawyer, as he rose from his seat,
‘we now offer the letter as evidence in this case, and ask permission to
read it to the jury
’

“‘Let me examine it first, if you please,’ said Mr
 Quillet, as he began
to exhibit signs of agitation


“The letter was handed to him, and after reading it carefully, he said:

“‘We object to the reading of this letter as evidence, unless it can be
clearly shown who wrote it, and wherein it can in any manner be made to
apply to the case now on trial
’

“‘We promise the court,’ replied Mr
 Rockland, ‘that we will, at the
proper time, show who wrote it, and also make it clear that it applies
most forcibly to this case
’

“‘You may read the letter,’ said the judge, ‘and if you can make the
proof which you mentioned, it may be considered as competent evidence;
if you fail, then the court will direct it to be excluded
’

“Mr
 Rockland then read the letter in his deep, solemn tone of voice,
which caused a shudder to shake my body from head to foot
 Here is the
mysterious letter:

     “‘DEAR V
--Strychnine, as I have often told you, is the best
     medicine to rid you of rats
 You may depend on me to settle the
     hash with the old rat, and I shall expect you to do the job for the
     two young ones
 Exercise caution, and success is certain; be sure
     to remember that the stakes for which we play are of immense value

     Love and fortune will be ours when the task is finished
 You will
     be the richest lady in the land, and shall reign as the queen of
     fashion, as well as queen of hearts
 A gilded palace in the sunny
     land of Italy shall be the dwelling place of my beauteous wife

     Burn this letter as soon as you read it; be brave, act promptly,
     and we will reap a rich reward
 I am dying with impatience to clasp
     your dear form to my heart
 Yours, and yours only,

     B
’

“If Mrs
 Ragland had been chained in a lake of liquid fire the evidence
of torture could not have been greater than that which she exhibited
while Mr
 Rockland was reading that letter
 Her eyeballs seemed to have
grown much larger, while a wild, frightened expression shot forth from
them, and every little jostle made by the spectators caused her to start
suddenly as if she were badly frightened
 She insisted that the letter
had been placed in her dress pocket by Miss Bramlett, in order to divert
suspicion from herself


“‘If,’ said she, ‘Miss Bramlett could have the heart to murder her poor
little brother, it is not at all strange that she should try to fix the
crime on some one else, in order to save her own neck
’

“‘Mrs
 Ragland,’ said Lottie, in a tone full of gentleness, ‘did you
ever know a young man named Charles Everson?’

“‘No
’

“‘Why, then, did you give such a sudden start when I mentioned his
name?’

“‘I don’t know that I did any such thing; but what if I did: is it
strange that I should be nervous and restless under the circumstances by
which I am surrounded?”

“‘Mrs
 Ragland, did you at any time wear a blue silk dress that belonged
to Miss Bramlett?’

“‘No, I did not; why should I borrow any of her silk dresses when I had
plenty of my own?’

“‘That, madame, is the very strange mystery which we are endeavoring to
solve
 Are you willing to state on your oath that you never at any time
wore a blue silk gown of Miss Bramlett’s?’

“‘Have I not just now stated it under oath? How many times do you wish
me to say it?’

“‘Mrs
 Ragland, where did you first make the acquaintance of Mr

Bowles?’

“‘In Memphis
’

“‘Did you ever live in Mississippi?’

“‘No
’

“‘Did you ever meet Mr
 Bowles at Vicksburg, Mississippi?’

“‘No
’

“‘Did you ever meet him in New Orleans?’

“‘No
’

“‘Have you ever met Mr
 Bowles outside of Memphis?’

“‘No
’

“‘Were you ever engaged to be married to any other man than your present
husband?’

“‘No
’

“‘Were you ever in love with any other man than Mr
 Ragland?’

“‘No
’

“Lottie then whispered to me, and requested me to hurry to the library
room and call Mr
 Everson, who had been waiting there until he should be
wanted
 I met with no little difficulty in forcing my way back to where
Lottie was, but by dint of vigorous pushing and squeezing among the
densely packed masses of humanity, I at length shoved my man suddenly in
front of Mrs
 Ragland


“As soon as she saw Mr
 Everson, she sprang up from her seat, stared
wildly at him for a moment, then throwing both hands up above her head,
uttered a loud, piercing scream, fell back on her seat, and buried her
face in her hands
 After holding her hands over her face a moment, she
let them drop on her lap, and I noticed that her lower jaw had dropped
down, as do those of dead persons


‘“Catch that lady there, quick
’ exclaimed the judge, ‘she is going to
faint
’

“Mr
 Quillet hastened forward, but he was too late, for the helpless
body of Mrs
 Ragland fell on the floor before he got to her
 The
excitement among the members of the bar, as well as the spectators,
continued to increase, until the limp body of Mrs
 Ragland was removed
to an adjoining room


“I never had seen Mr
 Rockland lose his self-possession until that
moment, but he managed to let his heart have its way then
 He seized
Lottie and pressed her to his breast:

“‘God bless you, my daughter
 No lawyer ever displayed such skill and
shrewdness as you have, and no lawyer ever received such a fee as you
shall have in this case
 My entire fortune shall be your fee
’

“Then he seized Miss Bramlett and pressed a kiss on her brow


“‘Poor child, how deeply you have been wronged
 how you have suffered
for the sins of another person
’

“‘Sit down, papa,’ said Lottie, as she caught him by the arm; ‘don’t you
see how all the lawyers are laughing at you?’

“‘Let them laugh, Lottie--I hope it will do them good; I wish it could
make them as happy as you have made me
’

“I thought while the excitement was up to fever heat that I would slip
through the crowd and drop a kiss on my darling’s brow, in order to show
the high appreciation I had for her great talent; but she evidently
divined my object, for she pushed me back abruptly and exclaimed:

“‘Do, pray, Edward, take a seat--don’t you see papa has gone crazy? and
I do believe you are trying to follow his example
’

“I felt quite sheepish, because I considered the rebuke well deserved;
but I took my seat, and with great difficulty managed to regain my
equanimity
 Colonel Buff, who was near enough to hear what Lottie said
to me, gave me a punch under the arm with his thumb, at the same time
making a noise as a frog does when he jumps into his pond


“‘Eh
 Demar, your boat struck a snag, I see; well, never mind, old
fellow, I saw from her looks that she was not offended
’

“‘Do you wish to introduce any more witnesses, Rockland?’ inquired the
judge


“‘My daughter informs me that she wishes to introduce her brother, Harry
Wallingford, as a witness, who is now waiting in the clerk’s office
’

“‘Go after brother Harry, Edward,’ Lottie whispered as she caught hold
of my arm, ‘and be sure to caution him about the control of his temper

Much depends upon the manner in which he shall conduct himself on the
stand
’

“When I entered the clerk’s office, I found Wallingford seated near a
table, with his face buried in his hands; and when I spoke to him, he
started up suddenly and endeavored to conceal the tears that he had been
shedding


“‘She is saved, Ed,’ he said in tone husky with emotion, ‘but she is
lost to me forever
 I have played such a contemptible part in this
affair as to justify her in despising me, and to make me hate myself
 I
have deeply wronged her, and I must make up my mind to lose her
’

“‘Nonsense, Harry,’ said I; ‘she loves you as well as ever, and will be
yours if you will only ask her; but come, Lottie sent me to bring you
in, and she told me to caution you in regard to that unfortunate temper
of yours
’

“‘I shall get along all right, unless Quillet offers me an insult;
that, you know, I will not submit to, either in or out of court
’

“‘You and your case are both gone up the spout, Quillet,’ whispered
Hogjaw as I entered the room, accompanied by Wallingford
 ‘You are
defeated, vanquished, quashed, conquered, overthrown, trampled under,
ground up, and chopped into hash, all by a woman
’

“‘If that girl would agree to marry me,’ replied Quillet, ‘I think I
could forgive her, and bear my defeat with becoming fortitude; but I
tell you what it is, I mean to fight till the death, and die bravely in
the last ditch, if die I must; and

    “‘“Though I hope not hence unscathed to go,
       Who conquers me shall find a stubborn foe
”’

“‘Proceed with the case, Mr
 Rockland,’ said the judge, who began to
show signs of impatience


“‘Let Mr
 Wallingford be sworn and placed under the rule until we
examine Mr
 Everson,’ said Mr
 Rockland


“That young man then took the stand
 He was a sad-faced young man, whose
features contained unmistakable evidence of untold sufferings endured


“‘Mr
 Everson,’ said Lottie, ‘were you ever acquainted with a young lady
by the name of Victoria Totten?’

‘“Yes
’

“‘Where did you know her?’

“‘At Vicksburg, Mississippi
’

“‘Were you acquainted with Benjamin Bowles at Vicksburg?’

‘“Yes
’

“‘When did you last see Victoria Totten?’

“‘I saw her a few minutes ago--she is the woman who fainted when I came
in
’

“‘Was she ever married to Mr
 Bowles?’

“‘No
’

“‘If Miss Victoria Totten left Vicksburg in company with any one, please
tell who it was, and under what circumstances she left
’

“‘She eloped with Benjamin Bowles, and they went to New Orleans, where
they lived as husband and wife, though they never were married
’

“‘Were you acquainted with Victoria Totten’s mother?’

“‘Yes
’

“‘Where did she reside?’

“‘Near Vicksburg; and she is now living there
’

“‘Can it be possible that you are mistaken when you say that the woman
who fainted on the stand is the same person you knew as Victoria
Totten?’

“‘No, for I have been well acquainted with her for twenty years
’

“Mr
 Quillet suffered Mr
 Everson to stand aside without
cross-examination


“Harry Wallingford was then ordered to take the stand, which he did with
a dignified and rather haughty mien, while his eyes glanced over the
crowd with a careless look of indifference; I noticed that he was
careful to avoid the gaze of Miss Bramlett, who had her eyes eagerly
fixed on him
 After gazing intently at him for a moment, her head sank
down on the table that stood in front of her, and I saw tears begin to
drop from her chin


“‘Brother Harry,’ said Lottie, ‘if you are in possession of facts that
would tend to throw any light on the case now on trial, please tell them
in your own way
’

“‘I employed what I thought was an experienced detective, and set him to
work on this case; he either would not, or could not, see or believe
anything that pointed to any one else as the guilty party but Miss
Bramlett
 It is with feelings of the deepest shame and mortification
that I am compelled to confess that he at one time managed to shake my
confidence in the innocence of Miss Bramlett
 After becoming convinced
that it was folly to depend any longer on Mr
 Dabbs, I concluded to take
the matter into my own hands
 In order to enable me to accomplish my
purpose, I secured the services of a first-class locksmith, who
undertook to manufacture for me such keys as I might require
 About ten
days ago I managed to enter the premises of Benjamin Bowles, disguised
as a farmer, and after letting him win a small sum of money from me, I
feigned intoxication, and was permitted by him to take a nap on a sofa
in an adjoining room; but while he thought I was sound asleep, I was
busy taking wax impressions of all the locks and keys of the apartments,
as well as all trunks, bureaus, wardrobes, etc
 Having accomplished the
object of my visit, I hurried to my locksmith, and ordered him to make
the keys necessary to enable me to open the locks, which he proceeded to
do immediately
 The next day I paid a visit to the residence of Mrs

Ragland, disguised as a gardener, and was so fortunate as to secure a
job of work in her flower garden, which I managed to accomplish to her
satisfaction
 She went down town shopping, taking her maid with her,
leaving no one on the premises except the cook and myself; I managed to
enter the house through a back door, which was left unlocked
 I
proceeded to take wax impressions of every lock and key I could find on
the premises, and gave them to my locksmith, and soon I was prepared
with keys to fit them
 Being armed with my false keys, I managed to
enter the apartments of Mr
 Bowles at a time when I knew he was away
from home
 I succeeded in making a thorough search of all his rooms,
trunks, bureaus, dressing cases, wardrobes, etc
, and carefully examined
all of his papers
 I spent three consecutive days and nights in Mr

Bowles’ establishment
 In a bureau drawer that stood in his sleeping
room I found a large gold locket containing the picture of Mrs
 Ragland;
on the back of the locket the words, “From Victoria to Benjamin” were
plainly engraved
 After I had finished my inspection of the apartments
of Mr
 Bowles, I turned my attention to the residence of Mrs
 Ragland,
where I found many curious things, among which were several letters from
Benjamin Bowles
 One of these letters mentioned strychnine as a good
poison for rats
’

“‘Is this the letter to which you refer?’ said Lottie as she handed a
paper to her brother


“‘Yes, I found that letter in the pocket of a silk dress which belonged
to Mrs
 Ragland
’

“‘If you ever saw this boot before,’ said Lottie, as she handed it to
him, ‘please tell when and where you saw it
’

“About five days ago I brought that boot from Mrs
 Ragland’s sleeping
room
 While searching a trunk in Mrs
 Ragland’s bedroom, I found several
pictures of Benjamin Bowles, one of which was incased in a golden shell
handsomely inlaid with pearls
 I brought the picture away, and have it
here now
 This picture was wrapped up in a letter, which I have here
’

“‘Read it,’ said Mr
 Rockland


     “‘DEAR V
--I herewith send you my picture, according to promise,
     which I had taken when you were so good as to give me the pretty
     image of your dear self
 I tried to make the present more
     acceptable by putting it in a costly case, and if you knew how
     highly I prize the dear image of your sweet self which you
     condescended to give me, you would no doubt value my ugly picture
     more than you do
 I am sorry indeed to be compelled to tell you
     that I am just now in a terrible strait for the want of funds
 Luck
     has been giving me the cold shoulder for the last fortnight, and
     you must by all means try to wheedle Miss Bramlett out of another
     thousand for me, and I shall soon be able to make a rise with it

     The little scheme that I have so often mentioned to you is a
     feasible one, which will insure us a great fortune, and richly
     reward us for any risk; though there can be no risk, if we exercise
     caution
 When rats annoy us, why not destroy them?’

“‘Have you any other facts to communicate’ said Lottie; ‘if you have,
please proceed
’

“‘One night, while I was concealed in a bathroom in the apartments of
Mr
 Bowles, he was visited by a woman whose face I did not see, but
whose voice I readily recognized as that of Mrs
 Ragland
 She arrived
there about nine o’clock, and remained until after the clock struck
twelve, when she went away accompanied by Bowles
 While they remained in
the room adjacent to the one in which I was concealed, I could
distinctly hear everything they said
 When Mrs
 Ragland first entered
the house, she threw herself into the arms of Bowles, exclaiming:

“‘“Oh, Ben, let us fly before it is too late; for Suspicion has already
begun to point her finger at me
 What a fortunate thing it was that I
happened to wear Miss Bramlett’s blue silk dress that night when Miss
Tadpoddle was watching me
 She thinks it was Miss Bramlett, and will
swear in open court that it was she
”

“‘“Yes,” replied Bowles; “and that makes it necessary for us to swear
the same thing
”

“‘“For Heaven’s sake, Ben,” replied Mrs
 Ragland, “do not, I beseech
you, ask me to add the awful sin of perjury to the long list of crimes
that I have committed
”

“‘“Pshaw
 Vick, we have crossed the dead line long ago, and it is too
late to talk about retreating now; never will I move an inch toward the
rear; I will win by boldness and audacity
 If we were to attempt to fly
now, it would insure our destruction, for we could not escape
 Do as I
tell you, dear Vick, and I will vouch for a favorable termination
”

“‘“Ah, Ben, you know too well how I love you; and you also know how much
I would suffer and endure to serve and please you; but there is a
mysterious influence, which I cannot describe, that constantly whispers
strange words into my mind, telling me that my days are numbered, and
that I shall soon be called to render an account of my sinful deeds
”

“‘“Come, Vick, don’t be so silly
 I declare, you are continually talking
about retribution and repentance
”

“‘“If all the wealth of the world belonged to me, I would willingly give
it for a clear conscience
 Oh, Ben, let us quit our wicked ways, ere it
is forever too late, for I believe that I shall not live much longer--a
sort of presentiment whispers of death to me continually
”

“‘“Stop, stop
 Vick, I swear I will not listen another moment to this
sentimental nonsense
 Come, let us go in and take some champagne, and
then you will feel better
”

“‘They then went into another room and remained until midnight, when
Mrs
 Ragland went home, accompanied by Bowles
’

“Wallingford was then turned over to Mr
 Quillet for cross-examination


“The usual smooth temper of the attorney-general had been considerably
ruffled by the taunts and jeers that had been thrown at him by the other
members of the bar, and notwithstanding he had lost all hopes of
sustaining the prosecution, he had resolved to have his revenge, which
he thought he could best secure by handling Harry Wallingford with
gloveless hands
 As soon as he commenced the cross-examination I could
tell from his manner and the tone of his voice that he meant to cut
deep; and I also knew that he was treading on very dangerous ground when
he undertook the job


“‘Mr
 Wallingford,’ he said, in an imperative tone, ‘I should like you
to tell us by what authority you ventured to enter the apartments of
Mrs
 Ragland, and, without her knowledge or consent, carry off private
property belonging to her?’

“‘I did it, sir, by the authority which God gives to all men in order to
enable them to protect innocence and expose guilt
’

“‘Are we to understand, sir, that you had a commission direct from God,
empowering you to enter a lady’s private chamber by false keys, and,
without her consent, carry off her private property?’

“‘The shape of your question, sir, carries with it an insult, and I
think it would be advisable for you to modify it
’

“‘I ask your pardon,’ said Quillet, smiling sarcastically
 ‘I assure
you, sir, I did not think of insulting you; but really, I had a
curiosity to know what prompted you to take the law into your own hands
in such a presumptuous manner
 As the shape of the question seems to
displease you, and as I should dislike very much to incur your
displeasure, I will take your advice, and change the shape of the
question: What induced you to interest yourself in Miss Bramlett’s
affairs, and why did you choose to spend so much money for her?’

“‘Because I loved her, sir, and because I believed she was innocent
’

“As Wallingford uttered those words his voice trembled slightly, while
his proud soul seemed to be standing in his eyes


“‘Was not Miss Bramlett at one time betrothed to you?’

“‘Yes
’

“‘Is she now betrothed to you?’

“‘No
’

“‘Did you cancel the engagement?’

“‘No
’

“‘Did she do it?’

“‘Yes
’

“‘Why did she do it?’

“‘Because she found me to be unworthy of her love and respect
’

“Miss Bramlett started as if she were going to rise from her seat, then
dropped her head back on the table


“‘Did you concur with her views in that respect?’

“‘Yes
’

“‘Why did you continue to work in her interest after she had discarded
you?’

“‘To gratify my sister and win the approval of my conscience
’

“‘Is your conscience easy now?’

“‘No
’

“‘Why not?’

“‘Because I wronged an innocent lady by my unjust suspicions
’

“The excitement by this time had been wrought up to fever heat, and I
could plainly see that an explosion was imminent, unless something was
done to prevent it


“‘Stand aside, Mr
 Wallingford
’ exclaimed Flipout in a tone that
convinced Quillet that no further trifling would be allowed





CHAPTER XXXVI



“HARRY passed out of the witness box and left the court-room without
looking toward Viola, which it was plain to see was a great
disappointment to her, for she followed him with her eyes until he
disappeared, and then gave vent to her feelings in tears


“‘Who is your next witness?’

“‘We have sent for Mrs
 Ragland’s maid, as we have just been informed by
Mr
 Wallingford that she is in possession of some important facts
connected with the case
’

“Zuleka Zenobia was half French and half Spanish


“‘How long have you been serving Mrs
 Ragland?’ said Lottie


“‘Six years
’

“‘Where did you first become acquainted with her?’

“‘At New Orleans
’

“‘Who was she living with then?’

“‘She was living with Mr
 Bowles
’

“‘Were they living together as husband and wife?’

“‘Yes
’

“‘Were you at Mr
 Ragland’s house on the night that Harry Bramlett
died?’

“‘Yes
’

“‘If you saw Mrs
 Ragland in Harry Bramlett’s room that night, tell all
you know about it
’

“‘About eight o’clock Miss Bramlett came into the kitchen to get some
tea for her little brother, and requested me to go after a cup and
saucer that were in young Master Bramlett’s room
 When I got to the head
of the stairs I saw Mrs
 Ragland in the room; she had one of the blue
papers of medicine in her hand; she laid it down among the other papers
and went out through Miss Bramlett’s room
’

“‘Did she see you on that occasion?’

“‘I don’t think she did
’

“‘Did you ever see Mrs
 Ragland dressed in one of Miss Bramlett’s
gowns?’

“‘Yes, very often; I assisted her to put on a blue silk dress which
belonged to Miss Bramlett
’

“‘Where did your mistress go when she had on Miss Bramlett’s blue silk
dress?’

“‘She went to meet Mr
 Bowles at the summer-house and then accompanied
him to his apartments
’

“‘What was Mrs
 Ragland’s maiden name?’

“‘Victoria Totten
’

“The loud report of half a dozen pistol shots in rapid succession now
came ringing through the court-room, causing a stampede among the
spectators, who made a rush for the door


“‘Go quick, Eddie
’ said Lottie, as she seized my arm, while her whole
body trembled
 ‘Run quick--it is Bowles and Harry fighting
’

“Policemen came running in from all directions, shouting:

“‘Stop the thief
 Catch the murderer
 Shoot the villain
 Where is he?’

“‘What has happened, Mr
 Quillet?’ demanded Flipout, who had rubbed his
nose until it was as red as fire


“‘Ben Bowles made an attempt to assassinate Harry Wallingford; but I am
happy to inform your Honor that no serious harm has been done, though
the scoundrel, Bowles, has succeeded in effecting his escape
 He met
Wallingford at the door, as he went out, and slapped him on the mouth;
then both parties began to shoot at each other, and Wallingford
received a slight flesh wound in the left arm, and Bowles fled
 He
knocked a man down in the streets, and took the horse that the man was
holding, mounted and went north at full speed
’

“‘If your Honor please,’ said the prosecuting officer, ‘I think it is my
duty (to perform which will afford me great pleasure) to enter a _nolle
prosequi_ in this case, being convinced that this young lady is
innocent
 She has suffered too much already, and I am unwilling to allow
her to spend another night in prison
’

“‘I am much obliged,’ replied Mr
 Rockland, ‘to my honorable friend for
his kind offer, but we would prefer to have a verdict from the jury
’

“‘Very well, then,’ replied Mr
 Quillet, let Miss Bramlett accompany her
friends home, and she can return in the morning to hear the verdict--I
consent to any plan that will be agreeable to her and her friends
’

“As soon as Mrs
 Ragland recovered from the swoon into which she had
fallen, the judge ordered the sheriff to remove her to her home, at the
same time instructing that officer to have the premises securely guarded
until her condition should be such as to justify her imprisonment


“‘Edward,’ said Lottie, as she smiled through her tears, ‘I want you to
assist Viola into the carriage--and you had better escort her home; and
when you have done so you will return here as speedily as possible, in
order to help me get Harry home
 Let mother understand that Harry is not
severely hurt, and that there is no cause whatever for alarm; go now and
attend to these things as quickly as you can
’

“After escorting Miss Bramlett home, I hurried back to help bring Harry

We had to carry him to the carriage, as he was not able to walk without
assistance
 His face was as white as it could have been if he had been
dead


“‘Are you suffering very much, brother Harry?’ Lottie inquired as she
drew his head down so as to let it rest on her bosom


“‘Oh, no, not at all
’

“‘I want you to tell me why you did not look at, or speak to, Viola this
evening, when you came in the court-room; did you not notice how your
conduct distressed her?’

“‘My dear sister, don’t you know that I could not look in that dear
girl’s face, if death was to be the penalty of the refusal? You
certainly must know how deep is the feeling of contempt that she has for
me
’

“‘I am convinced that you have entirely misjudged Miss Bramlett’s
feelings toward you, for I happen to know that she is anxious for a
reconciliation; and she would not hesitate to make the first advances,
if she were not afraid of being repulsed
’

“‘Sister, you seem to have lost sight of the fact that I am a pauper,
though I trust you do not expect me to be a beggar
 Miss Bramlett’s
great fortune has rendered any thought of a marriage between us
impossible; beside this, I do not believe I could ever be to her such a
husband as she deserves
 I have lately received a letter from my
attorney at San Francisco, informing me that he has discovered evidence
which leads him to think that my Uncle Stanley made a later will, and
that, after all, there is a probability that the property was left to
me
 He advises me to come there immediately, and it is my intention to
do so as soon as I am able to endure the fatigues of the journey
 If it
should be my fortune to inherit my uncle’s estate, I will then be in a
condition to sue for Miss Bramlett’s hand
’

“The carriage now drew up to the front gate, and Mrs
 Rockland, who had
been watching for us, seized Harry in her arms and burst into tears


“Harry had been supported from the front gate to the house by Lottie and
me, as we thought he was too weak to walk alone; but as soon as he came
to the steps at the front portico, he suddenly disengaged himself from
us, and briskly ran up into the hall
 The exertion proved too heavy a
tax on his strength, for I noticed that he began to reel


“Miss Bramlett, who was watching him from the parlor door, sprang
quickly forward and caught him in time to check the force of the fall,
but her strength was not sufficient to entirely prevent it
 When I got
to him I discovered that he had fainted, but Miss Bramlett was sitting
on the carpet holding his head on her bosom
 By this time Lottie came
running in, and snatching a bottle of hartshorn from the mantel, she
directed Miss Bramlett to hold it to his nostrils; then she moistened
her brother’s pale face with eau de Cologne, and in a few moments I saw
signs of returning life appear
 I was about to lift Wallingford in my
arms, with a view of placing him on a bed, when Lottie suddenly seized
me by the arm and pulled me into the nearest room


“‘Come away, Edward,’ she whispered, as she hurried me along; ‘let them
alone--don’t you see how tenderly she is nursing him?’

“We took up a position in the adjacent room, where we could observe them
through an open window


“Wallingford opened his eyes, and as they met those of Miss Bramlett, a
convulsive shudder shook his body for a moment, then he closed them, and
remained silent a long time
 When he again opened his eyes I noticed
that they were filled with tears


“‘He is weeping,’ whispered Lottie, as she gave my arm a vigorous pinch;
‘thank Heaven,’ she continued, ‘all is safe
’




CHAPTER XXXVII


“SOON after the court opened next morning I was considerably surprised
to see Zuleka Zenobia come hurriedly into the room and deliver a large
yellow envelope to Mr
 Rockland


“‘My mistress requested me to deliver this paper to you immediately
after the court met this morning,’ said Zuleka, as she put the envelope
in Mr
 Rockland’s hand


“The iron lawyer deliberately commenced reading the contents of the
letter
 I imagined that his hands began to tremble slightly, and I
thought I could see a perceptible deepening of the color on his face


“‘If the court please,’ said he, ‘I hold in my hand a most extraordinary
paper, which has just been handed to me by Mrs
 Ragland’s maid
 This
document makes a most startling disclosure
 I do not think the contents
of this letter ought to be made public, until an officer shall have been
sent to inquire about Mrs
 Ragland
’

“‘Perhaps her maid can enlighten you as to the condition of her
mistress’s health,’ observed Flipout


“Mr
 Rockland then asked the maid if she had seen her mistress that
morning


“‘No,’ said the maid, ‘I have not seen her since eleven o’clock last
night
 She rang for me at eleven, and gave me the envelope, and told me
to deliver it to Mr
 Rockland at ten o’clock this morning
’

“‘Mr
 Sheriff,’ said Flipout, ‘send a deputy to Mrs
 Ragland’s residence
immediately and instruct him to report her condition to the court
without delay
’

“At last a short, dumpy little deputy with a  ponderous nose and bushy hair
came dashing into the room, with a face very pale, and excited manner


“‘If your Honor please, Mrs
 Ragland is dead, sir
 She has killed
herself
 The door was locked on the inside, and we had to break it open
before we could get in
 We found her lying on the bed cold and stiff
’

“‘With your Honor’s permission,’ said Mr
 Rockland, ‘I will now read
this letter, which will explain everything
’

“‘Read it,’ said the judge


     “‘MR
 ROCKLAND:

     ‘“DEAR SIR--When you read these lines, the hand that wrote them
     will be cold in death, and my soul will have appeared before its
     Creator
 Perhaps God will have mercy on my sinful soul; for He
     alone knows how I was tempted and betrayed; and He, I hope, will
     have pity on a poor, unfortunate wretch like me
 There was a time
     when I was an innocent, artless, confiding girl, the petted child
     of doting parents
 I was the only daughter of Alexander Totten, who
     died when I was thirteen, leaving a small fortune, though ample for
     the support of myself and my mother
 It is useless to warn other
     giddy girls to avoid a fate like mine, because until men change
     their natures unsuspecting girls will continue to listen to the
     honeyed words of the libertine and the villain
 My great fault--the
     one that led me to destruction--was a love of display, and a
     fondness for theatres, balls and all kinds of frivolous amusements

     Mr
 Bowles drove fast horses, and spent money freely--dressed in
     style, and took me with him to all the balls and other places of
     amusement within reach
 It would be folly to undertake to describe
     the manner in which I went, step by step, from the temple of honor
     to the gulf of infamy
 It would merely be a reiteration of the old
     story
 I did not leap from the high temple of honor to the bottom
     of the infamous pit at a single bound, but I went down by slow
     degrees, until I was at the very bottom


     “‘I have committed a most cruel, cold-blooded murder
 Oh
 that I
     had died when I was an innocent babe
 Oh, God, have mercy on my
     sinful soul
 My only hope is based on the boundless mercy of Him
     who knows how I was tempted
 Miss Viola Bramlett is as pure as an
     angel, and has suffered innocently for a crime committed by me

     When she and her little brother came to live at our house, Mr

     Bowles began to speak of the large fortune that had been left them
     by their father
 He told me that if the two children should happen
     to die I would be the richest lady in the land
 At first he spoke
     of the matter cautiously, but in such a manner as to create a hope
     in my mind that such a thing might happen
 He informed me that my
     husband’s habits of dissipation would soon put him out of the way,
     and that if the children were to die all the property would be
     mine


     “‘This matter formed the topic of his conversation every time we
     met, and it was a long time before he developed his murderous
     designs
 While we lived in New Orleans Mr
 Bowles kept a gambling
     hell, and often he induced me to entice men into it to be drugged
     and robbed
 Step by step he led me down--down--down--until all
     conscience, all virtue, all honor was gone
 I was frightened when
     he first began to persuade me to ensnare his unsuspecting victims,
     but I soon became familiar with crime, and embraced vice with
     pleasure
 How truly did Mr
 Pope describe things when he said:

       “‘“Vice is a monster of so frightful mien,
          As to be hated, needs but to be seen;
          Yet seen too oft, familiar with her face,
          We first endure, then pity, then embrace
”

     “‘Oh, how accurately those four lines describe the circumstances in
     my case
 I never loved Mr
 Ragland, and would not have married him,
     but I thought Mr
 Bowles was dead at the time I became his wife
 My
     love for Bowles had by no means diminished since my marriage with
     Mr
 Ragland; and we met very often, sometimes in the summer-house,
     and frequently I went to his quarters
 Miss Tadpoddle was mistaken
     when she said she saw Miss Bramlett go to Mr
 Bowles’ apartments

     It was I, dressed in Viola’s blue silk, which I had ordered my maid
     to steal for me
 The paper of strychnine found in the pocket of the
     blue silk dress was placed there by me
 The understanding between
     Bowles and me was that I was to put the children out of the way, so
     that my husband would inherit the great fortune; then he (Bowles)
     was to dispatch Mr
 Ragland, and we were to be married, and reside
     in Italy
 I stole into the room when I knew Miss Bramlett was in
     the kitchen preparing some tea for her little brother, and finding
     the child sound asleep, I hurriedly emptied the quinine out of one
     of the blue papers, and put the strychnine in it, and replaced it
     on the table
 That was the fatal dose that killed the boy
 I do not
     ask or expect forgiveness from the citizens of Memphis, because it
     will require a higher power to absolve me
 I think I can muster
     courage to die, unloved and unmourned by any; but I have not enough
     to enable me to live in the face of the tornado of indignation
     which I know would confront me in this community


     “‘But for the awful load of guilt that presses like a great
     mountain on my soul, I would quit this cruel world without regret

     I suppose that one who has committed so many cruel crimes as I have
     would not be considered a proper person to give advice to others

     But the rich man who lifted his voice up in hell was anxious that
     his brothers should not come where he was; and I, who am about to
     appear before my God with the stain of murder on my soul, would
     gladly persuade others to shun a fate like mine
 When you hear that
     I have inflicted on myself the same kind of murder that I did on
     Harry Bramlett, using the same deadly drug, you will doubtless
     conclude that I have gone mad; but no--the hand that directs this
     pen is as steady as it ever was, and the mind that manufactures
     these thoughts is as clear
 I would prefer to live and repent of
     the awful crimes I have committed, but I know that the law would
     cry aloud for my blood


     “‘The letter that was found in Miss Bramlett’s dress pocket was
     placed there by me; or, rather, it was left there by mistake when I
     returned the dress
 It was written by Mr
 Bowles, and addressed to
     me, instead of Miss Bramlett, as was believed by the detectives


     “‘I shall instruct my maid to deliver this communication into your
     hands when court opens in the morning, and I most humbly ask you to
     read it to the court and jury, in order that all suspicion of Miss
     Bramlett’s guilt may be removed
 I am sorry that this is all the
     reparation I can make for the great wrongs I have done to that
     innocent girl


     “‘With a full knowledge of the fact that I shall soon stand before
     my great Creator, I declare the foregoing statement to be true


     VICTORIA RAGLAND
’

“‘Take the jury to a room, Mr
 Sheriff, and let them make up their
verdict and return it into court as soon as possible
’

“At last the jury came in, with Crookwood leading the van, while he held
the papers in his hand


“‘Have you agreed on a verdict, gentlemen?’

“‘We have, if yer Honor please,’ said Crookwood, as he wiped the water
from his eyes with the tail of his coat


“‘Read the verdict, Mr
 Clerk
’

“‘I don’t think I am able to read it, sir,’ said the clerk


“‘Let me see it,’ said Mr
 Quillet


“‘Read it then
’ said Flipout


“‘I’ll try, but I do not agree to accomplish the task accurately
’

“‘We thee juree do agree thatt Misstress Victoree Ragglinn didd pizenn
thee pour child, annd we woosh we hadd a chans to hangg her, butt wee
kant bekase shee iz ded
 Wee finde Benn Boals giltee ov merder, and
sentns himm to be hungg thee furst Fridee atter he is kotch
 Wee cleer
Mis Brammlitt, annd the shurref shal paa the kost
’

“That is the identical verdict, each word spelled just as you see it,
but here is a correct copy which the clerk was kind enough to transcribe
for me, after the orthography had been properly corrected


“‘We the jury do agree that Mistress Victoria Ragland did poison the
poor child, and we wish we had a chance to hang her, but we can’t,
because she is dead
 We find Ben Bowles guilty of murder, and sentence
him to be hung on the first Friday after he is caught
 We clear Miss
Bramlett, and the sheriff shall pay the cost
’

“It was agreed between the attorney-general and Mr
 Rockland that the
verdict might be so changed as to comply with the usual legal form;
consequently, the record merely shows a verdict in the following words:
_‘We the jury find the defendant not guilty
’_




CHAPTER XXXVIII



“‘LOTTIE,’ said Mr
 Rockland, one bright morning as he rose from the
breakfast table, ‘I am going to bring half a dozen friends to dinner
this evening, and want you to have everything arranged in splendid
order
 The Governor will be among the distinguished guests
 May I depend
on you?’

“‘Give me a check for three hundred dollars, and six kisses, and then I
will discuss the matter with you
’

“‘There is the check, and you may take the kisses--there, there, don’t
smother me
 What are you going to do with that money?’

“‘I am going to give it to Mrs
 McCay
’

“‘I inferred as much; but you had better not let her have it all at
once; give it to her in small sums, as she needs it--but what about the
dinner?’

“‘You may trust that matter entirely to me
’

“‘Very good
 I shall expect a first-class dinner, to be served at six
o’clock
’

“‘It shall be done
’

“‘Give me back one of those kisses, then I will go
’

“‘Take it, dear papa, and as many more as you wish
’

“The iron lawyer drew her fondly to his heart, stamped a kiss on her
lips, and went to his office


“‘Now, Eddie,’ said Lottie, as she took my arm, ‘take this money and
spend it for Mrs
 McCay, in such a manner, and in such sums, as in your
judgment will best promote her welfare
 You may consider yourself
invited to dinner
’

“‘What hour shall I come?’

“‘You are a privileged guest, and may come when you please
 Go along
now, and attend to Mrs
 McCay, and I will arrange my plans for the
dinner
’

“I made my appearance at Mr
 Rockland’s residence by five and met Lottie
at the front portico


“‘What induced you to come so early, Edward?”

“‘I wanted to be with you--that is all; but how does it happen that you
are dressed so exquisitely this evening? I declare, you have made a
complete success of it
 You look like an empress prepared to receive a
dozen kings as her guests
 I never saw you looking so pretty as you do
now
 What does it mean?’

“‘Read that note, and it will tell you
’

     “‘DEAR LOTTIE--Prepare dinner for a dozen distinguished guests
 Two
     senators and their wives are with the Governor, and will dine with
     us
 The Honorable Cyrus Bramlett, a cousin to Viola, has just
     arrived, and will sojourn with us two weeks


     “‘YOUR PAPA
’

“‘Who is Cyrus Bramlett? I never heard of him before
’

“‘He is a member of Congress from New York, and said to be an orator of
wonderful powers
 He will object to a marriage between Harry and his
cousin
’

“‘Why so?’

“‘Because he will want her himself
’

“‘I hope he will leap into the arena at once, and contend for the
prize
’

“The guests had all arrived by six, and a feeling of delight thrilled me
when I saw Lottie receiving her distinguished guests with so much
dignity and self-possession


“When dinner was announced, the Governor offered his arm to Lottie, Mr

Rockland took charge of one of the senators’ wives, while Flipout
escorted the other, and Mr
 Bramlett gave his arm to his fair cousin;
and as the guests marched into the dining-room, I could see Wallingford
eying Mr
 Bramlett in a manner which plainly showed that he was greatly
annoyed at the attentions bestowed on Miss Bramlett by her distinguished
cousin
 I imagined that I could perceive signs indicative of an
approaching storm, and the thought gave rise to serious apprehensions in
my mind
 The young member of Congress from New York had scarcely taken
his seat at the table when he commenced an animated conversation with
Lottie


“‘Bramlett,’ said the Governor as he promenaded the veranda with that
gentleman, a few moments after dinner, ‘that Miss Wallingford is a most
extraordinary girl--she surpasses any one I have ever met, both as
respects beauty of person, and mind
 They say she outwitted all the
lawyers on the trial of your cousin’s case, and set a trap which caught
two of the State’s witnesses
’

“‘Yes, it is true, and my pretty cousin is much indebted to Miss
Wallingford for her deliverance in that unfortunate affair
 I intended
to be present at the trial myself, but was prevented by severe illness

I have come to take my fair cousin home with me
’

“‘Yes, and to make her your wife, I suppose
’

“‘My aspirations have not dared to soar quite so high as that, though to
win such a rich gem would be a triumph worth contending for; but I
vaguely suspect that the heart of my fair cousin has already been
captured
 Did you notice how she appeared to drink inspiration from
Wallingford’s eyes across the table?’

“‘No, I did not, but what of that? you must remember the old threadbare
motto, “Faint heart never won fair lady
” Go in and cry
’

    “‘“Since the struggle must enlarge,
       Thy motto be--Charge, Chester, charge
”

“‘Your excellency offers good advice, but I believe I will lay siege to
the other castle
’

“‘Ah
 Bramlett, you will lose your labor there, for Demar has been
commander of that fair castle so long that the memory of man runneth not
to the contrary
’

“‘Yes, but Harry Wallingford shall not marry my fair cousin, unless he
gives his beauteous sister to me
’

“As the dinner progressed, the flow of wit increased until every guest
began to participate in it
 Politics and religion--finance and
agriculture--science and art--music and history, were all largely
discussed


“‘Come,’ said Harry as he laid his hand on my arm, ‘let us go out on the
corridor and smoke a cigar
’

“I took his arm and we began to pace up and down the floor
 The weather
was quite warm, and not a breath of air could be felt


“‘Come, let us go into the garden; I could not control myself if I
remained here
 Let us sit under these vines, on this little bench--I
feel the oppressive heat more than usual
’

“We had not been there more than twenty minutes when Quillet and Bullger
came walking slowly toward us
 The night was not a very dark one, though
there was no moon, but the stars appeared to shine unusually bright
 We
were completely hidden by the overhanging vines, and as we preferred to
be alone, we remained silent, hoping that the two lawyers would pass on;
but they went into the summer-house, which was not more than twenty feet
from where we sat
 They were conversing in very low tones, but we could
hear every word they said
 I started to rise from my seat, as I was
unwilling to play the part of an eavesdropper; but Harry caught my
sleeve and pulled me back to the seat, and in a whisper requested me to
be still and listen


“‘What do you think of Miss Bramlett now, Bullger?’ inquired Quillet


“‘The more I see of her the better I like her; but it is no use for a
fellow to fall in love with her, for they say she is going to marry
Harry Wallingford
’

“‘Yes, and I must confess that I am astonished to hear it
’

“‘Why?’

“‘Because he was engaged to her before she got into her late trouble;
but as soon as she was put in jail, he told her to her face that he
thought she was guilty
 She ordered him to leave her presence, and
commanded him never to speak to her again
 He deserted her, while she
was under the cloud, and left her to paddle her own canoe; but as soon
as it appeared that she was innocent, what does he do but beg pardon and
make matters smooth again
’

“‘I suppose he loves her money better than he does the girl
 I always
did despise a fortune-hunter
’

“‘Yes, and so does every honest man; but I cannot understand how such a
sensible girl could be so ready to give her hand to such a man
’

“‘Pshaw
 don’t you know that where a woman once loves a man, she never
forsakes him, no matter what he does?’

“‘Well, I suppose there is something in that, but Harry Wallingford is a
very brilliant young man, and I used to think he was the very soul of
honor; I did not think he would ever justly win the name of
fortune-hunter
’

“‘Neither did I, but human nature is very weak, you know, and the prize
in this case is a very tempting one, because Miss Bramlett is very
beautiful, and possessed of an amiable disposition, as well as a great
fortune
’

“‘By Jove, the bait is enough to trap anybody
’

“‘Ah
 you are right there; but Lottie Wallingford is the apple of my
eye
 I had rather have her for my wife than to be king of England
’

“‘Yes, no doubt you would; but there is no likelihood of your ever being
king of England or the husband of Lottie Wallingford, either, because
she belongs to Ed Demar
’

“‘Well, he is a lucky dog, anyway
’

“‘Come, let us walk back to the house; it is no use to covet our
neighbors’ property--those two girls are not for us
’

“While that conversation was going on, Harry had his hand on my arm, and
it was all I could do to keep from crying out, for his finger nails sank
down into my flesh so as to bring blood


“‘Let go my arm, Harry; you are hurting me
’

“‘I ask pardon--I did not think what I was doing; does it not surprise
you to see me sitting quietly by your side?’

“‘No, why should I be surprised?’

“‘Do you think I would let any man talk that way about me, unless he was
telling the truth? Have I not been guilty of every charge they made
against me? Of course I have; but thank Heaven it is not too late to
make the proper atonement
 Edward, it is all over with Viola and me
 I
do now solemnly swear, by everything that I hold sacred, that I never
will marry her until my fortune is equal to hers; so help me Heaven
’

“‘Harry, I do believe you are a real coward
’

“‘Yes, that is certain, but there is no use to scold me about it
 If
Viola will agree to wait till my fortune is made, all right; if she
refuses, let her marry her cousin, and be done with it
’

“‘As to that, you need have no fears whatever, for she worships you, and
if you forsake her, it will kill her; yes, I mean exactly what I say--it
will certainly kill her
’

“‘In the first place, I do not intend to forsake her, for I love her as
no man ever loved a woman before, and if she will wait for me, I will
make a fortune as sure as my name is Harry Wallingford
’

“‘By the by, Harry, I have a little secret to tell you
’

“‘What is it, pray?’

“‘You know that Viola bought a little bottle of strychnine, and refused
to tell why she purchased it?’

“‘I certainly do, and her refusal to tell why she bought it was the
strongest evidence against her
’

“‘True enough; well, I can tell you all about it; she got it when you
were very ill, and everybody thought you were going to die
 She was
preparing to commit suicide; and if you had died, she would not have
survived you an hour
’

“‘Great Heavens
 is that so?’

“‘It is; for Lottie pumped the secret out of her
 Now you must be very
cautious when you inform her of your intention to go to California
’

“‘If she will only trust me, and agree to wait for me, I will never
forsake her; but let us walk back to the house, else we will be missed
’

“Time glided on, and Harry lingered by Viola’s side, strolling about the
flower garden with her arm locked in his, and dreading to make his
intentions known to her
 Love was urging him to marry the girl of his
choice, and be happy, while pride was making a desperate effort to
separate him from his love


“Miss Bramlett and Lottie were seated on a low wooden bench in the
summer-house engaged in an earnest conversation
 Harry Wallingford made
his appearance at the door


“‘Come in, brother,’ said Lottie
 ‘I am glad you happened here, because
I want you to join me in persuading Viola to abandon the idea of going
with her cousin to New York
’

“‘If Miss Bramlett will not yield to your solicitations, I am sure she
would not to mine
 It would be unjust to her distinguished relative to
deprive him of the company of his fair cousin
 The fact is, we ought not
to expect Miss Bramlett to remain among such dull people as ours, when
such brilliant members of Congress claim her company
’

“Miss Bramlett bent her eyes toward the ground, while her cheeks were
red with anger; but she bit her lips to smother her feelings
 Lottie
turned pale, and gazed at her brother with a look of astonishment, while
a painful sensation darted through her heart
 She was convinced that her
brother had become jealous of Cyrus Bramlett, and she well knew that it
was without cause


“‘Take a seat here, brother,’ said Lottie, ‘and arrange that bouquet for
me, while I go and gather more flowers
’

“This was a ruse on Lottie’s part to leave Harry and Viola alone, as she
thought it the best plan to insure a reconciliation between them


“‘Miss Bramlett, I suppose if you go with your distinguished cousin, you
will spend the winter in Washington?’

“‘No; I shall remain in New York
’

“‘We shall be very far apart when you go to New York and I to San
Francisco
’

“‘What do you mean, Mr
 Wallingford?’

“‘Viola, I am going to start for California in the morning, and it may
be a long time before we meet again; I wish to ask you a serious
question, and I want you to give me a serious answer
’

“All color now instantly fled from her cheeks, and her body trembled
violently


“‘I am going to seek my fortune in the far West, and I wish to know if
you will promise to be mine when I return?’

“If you go to California, it is my opinion that we never shall meet
again
’

“‘Why do you think that?”

“‘There are many reasons I might mention that cause me to think it; but
if you will excuse me, I had rather not talk about such a painful
subject
’

“‘Miss Bramlett, have I been mistaken in believing that you loved me?’

“‘If we ever meet again, ask the question and you shall have a candid
answer
’

“‘Would you have me go so far away without knowing my fate?’

“‘I would not have you go at all; but it appears that your resolve is
made, and I suppose you know best what you ought to do
’

“‘I know that I am an idiot, and that I have succeeded in convincing you
of that interesting fact, and that you will rejoice to be rid of me
’

“‘This is not the first time you have unjustly suspected me, but I hope
it will be the last
’

“‘Why, then, did you so suddenly conclude to leave us and that, too,
before you knew of my intention to go to California?’

“‘Because I have no home here; in fact, I have no home anywhere, but I
have friends and relatives in New York who will give me a home
’

“‘Yes, indeed, you have one distinguished kinsman who, I dare say, will
offer you a home, and a heart to boot, and I could not blame you for
accepting such a brilliant offer
’

“‘Mr
 Wallingford, your language does not afford me any pleasure, and
unless you have something else to talk about, I guess we had better
separate
’

“‘I crave your pardon--I assure you I did not mean to annoy you
’

“Then, in a fit of anger, he abruptly walked away


“Harry started to California next morning, without having any other
interview with Miss Bramlett, thus letting his pride again master his
heart


“Ragland’s body was found floating in the river, at the head of
President’s Island, without any marks of violence on it, showing clearly
that he had committed suicide
 Poor man
 perhaps he deserved a better
fate, though he had not led the sort of a life that produces happiness

An appetite for strong drink, and a love for the gambling table, had
ruined him before the discovery of his wife’s infidelity was made


“Mr
 Rockland received a letter from one of the trustees at New York
stating that the death of Mr
 Ragland created a necessity for Miss
Bramlett to come there immediately
 Within ten days after Harry had
started for California, Viola was on her way to New York, accompanied by
her cousin Cyrus


“Over a month had elapsed after Viola’s departure, when Mr
 Rockland
received a letter from a lawyer in New York, of a most startling nature,
the perusal of which plunged us all into the deepest gulf of distress

Here is the letter--let it speak for itself:

     “‘NATHANIEL ROCKLAND, ESQ
:

     “‘DEAR SIR--I know you will be surprised and deeply pained to learn
     that the trustees appointed by Bolivar Bramlett’s will have
     converted the entire estate into cash and fled to parts unknown

     Every possible effort has been made to capture them, but without
     success, and it is pretty well ascertained that they have crossed
     the ocean, and are safe in some foreign land
 But, my dear sir, I
     have not told you the serious part of the story yet--and you will
     think so when I do
 Miss Viola Bramlett has mysteriously
     disappeared from her boarding house, and despite the efforts of the
     police to discover her whereabouts, the mystery remains unsolved
 A
     week ago she left her boarding house on Fifth avenue, telling her
     friends that she was going to A
 T
 Stewart’s store on Broadway

     Nothing was thought about it until night, when her friends began to
     make inquiries about her
 She had been to the Stewart store, and
     made some trifling purchases, but instead of ordering the articles
     to be sent to her boarding house, as was her usual custom, she took
     them with her
 Three experienced detectives were employed
     immediately, and up to this writing, they have failed to make any
     discoveries, except that she was seen standing on the wharf near
     the water’s edge just before dark on the day she left her boarding
     house
 If she was alive, it seems to me that the detectives could
     not fail to find her; therefore I fear we may expect the very
     worst
 Ever since her arrival in this city she has appeared to be
     very unhappy, and was often found weeping
 She avoided company,
     rarely speaking to any one, and the only conclusion we can arrive
     at is that the poor girl has committed suicide
 Every possible
     effort will be made to find her, and if we succeed, I will
     immediately inform you by wire


     “‘Very respectfully,

     “‘ALBERT DALMAXIM
’

“I shall not trouble you with a history of our misery, produced by this
awful news, but drive on to the end of this unpleasant part of my story

In obedience to Lottie’s request I set out immediately to New York to do
all in my power to unravel the strange mystery; promising if Viola was
found to bring her home with me
 I wrote a short letter to Harry,
inclosing Mr
 Dalmaxim’s letter, and urged him to come home without
delay


“When I arrived at New York I learned that no clew to the missing girl
had been discovered, and that the police and detectives had given up the
contest
 I went to work in earnest, determined to exhaust every plan I
could think of to find Viola
 But at the end of ten days hope died in my
breast, and I was compelled to conclude that Viola had drowned herself

I remained in New York a month, and it was with a sad heart I started
home, when I thought of the distressing news that I would be compelled
to communicate to Lottie
 I had not been back home but a short time when
Harry returned from California looking more like a ghost than a man


“‘Is she found?’ he gasped, as he staggered into my office and dropped
into a chair


“‘No, but we still have hopes
 You are ill, Harry; let me go home with
you--Lottie is looking for you
’

“‘No, I will not go home--I cannot bear to look into dear Lottie’s face
now
 I am going immediately on to New York, to spend the remnant of my
life in searching for poor Viola; though I have but little hope of ever
seeing her dear face again
’

“‘What about your uncle’s will?’

“‘Oh
 don’t let us talk about that now; money has been my ruin
 I am a
rich man now, but it comes too late
 Fortune still continues to hurl her
deadly missiles with unerring aim at me
 Everything goes wrong with me;
my uncle did make another will, and placed it in the hands of a trusted
friend, who happened to be traveling in Europe when my uncle died
 If
that friend had been at home all would have been well, but my luck would
not have it so
 The man with whom the will had been left fell ill and
died in Scotland, and when his administrator took charge of his effects
in San Francisco, my uncle’s will came to the surface, giving his
property to Lottie and myself
 Curse the will--curse the money--curses
on my luck--a double curse on my foolish pride
 Why did I not take Viola
with me as my wife? Because I never was known to do anything that ought
to be done
 Viola told me that if I went to California we never would
meet again
 I did not understand her meaning then, but it is plain to me
now
 She was contemplating suicide then, and she has since carried out
her intention
 Here, Eddie, take this envelope, and when you know I am
dead you may open it
 Don’t stare at me that way, please--it is nothing
but my will, giving all my property to Lottie
 She has the good sense to
make the proper use of it
 Give my love to my darling sister, and tell
her when I find Viola she shall see me, but never until I do
 Comfort my
darling sister, and don’t let her grieve about her unfortunate brother

She will make you happy, as you deserve
 I would give all the world if I
had your happy disposition; but alas, it cannot be so
 Good-by, old
fellow; we may meet again, but never until I find Viola
’

“Before I could muster courage to answer, he was gone


       *       *       *       *       *




CHAPTER XXXIX



“Nearly a year has elapsed since I last parted with Harry Wallingford
under very peculiar circumstances
 It was at the cemetery in the city of
New York, where I took my painful leave of him, and I never have seen
him since, though we have received several letters from him
 I believe
it was on the next Monday after Wallingford set out on his journey to
New York, that Mr
 Rockland received a letter from Mr
 Dalmaxim, which
furnished a solution of the mystery connected with Miss Bramlett’s sad
fate
 In order to enlighten my audience as much as possible in
connection with that distressing affair, I will read you the letter:

     “‘NATHANIEL ROCKLAND:

     “‘DEAR SIR--It is with feelings of the deepest sorrow that I
     perform the sad duty of conveying to you the news of Miss
     Bramlett’s death
 The body of that unfortunate young lady was
     discovered on yesterday floating in East river, where it had
     evidently remained a considerable length of time, for it was in an
     advanced stage of decomposition
 The features were very much
     disfigured, probably occasioned by being eaten by the fish, but her
     friends here readily recognized the drab silk dress as the one worn
     by Miss Bramlett on the day of her disappearance
 A large gold ring
     with a diamond set was found on one of her fingers, which was also
     identified by her friends as the property of Miss Bramlett
 On the
     inside of the ring the letters “From Harry to Viola,” appeared,
     plainly engraved, which settles the question of identity beyond the
     possibility of a doubt
 The body was found under the wharf, where
     it had been held by a large iron spike that projected from one of
     the piles, which had caught in the skirt of the silk dress, thus
     preventing the corpse from floating out
 A white handkerchief of
     very costly fabric, bordered with lace, was found in the left-hand
     pocket of her dress, which was found to be marked in one corner
     with the letters “V
 B
,” plainly wrought with green silk thread

     The handkerchief was also identified as the property of Miss
     Bramlett
 That the poor girl committed suicide there seems to be no
     room for doubt, as upon critical examination, made by experienced
     surgeons, no marks of violence could be discovered
 A large number
     of witnesses were examined before the jury of inquest, including
     many friends and relatives of Miss Bramlett; all of them recognized
     the dress, ring, and handkerchief as her property
 Notwithstanding
     the vigorous efforts made by Miss Bramlett’s friends to ascertain
     the cause that induced her to destroy herself, nothing definite has
     been developed; though I hear it suggested that it was a
     disappointment in a love affair with Mr
 Wallingford
 I am
     thoroughly convinced that it was not the loss of her fortune that
     caused it, for all concur in the idea that she despised money, and
     was often heard to say that she regretted being a rich heiress

     With many wishes for your health and success, I am, sir, yours very
     respectfully,

     “‘ALBERT DALMAXIM’

“Before Harry Wallingford arrived at New York, the remains of the
drowned girl had been deposited in the grave


“I was induced by Lottie to make a second trip to New York to bring
Harry home
 Upon my arrival at the city, I was not a little surprised to
learn that Wallingford had caused a costly monument to be erected at the
head of the grave, with a suitable inscription made in plain Italian
letters


“When I inquired for Harry at his hotel, I was told by the clerk that I
would probably find him at the cemetery, as he had been in the habit of
making diurnal visits there
 I encountered many difficulties in
threading my way through the city of the dead
 But after making several
mistakes, and traveling many hundreds of yards unnecessarily, I at
length succeeded in finding the spot I sought


“Harry was busily engaged with a florist in arranging some pinks and
geraniums at the foot of the grave, and consequently did not observe me
until I had stood leaning against the palings gazing at him for several
minutes
 When he looked up and saw me he dropped the trowel with which
he had been transplanting the flowers, and walked briskly toward me,
saying as he held out his hand:

“‘Ah, Edward, I have killed her at last
 Here lies my poor
victim--driven into the grave by an unworthy wretch who is himself unfit
to live, and not prepared to die
 You told me I would kill her, and
alas
 how true it has come to pass
’

“‘I am sent by Lottie to bring you home,’ I at length managed to say

‘Your sister is almost driven to despair by this distressing occurrence,
and it is your duty to go to her as speedily as possible
’

“‘No, Edward, it would only serve to increase my darling sister’s sorrow
for me to be with her
 Tell my beloved sister that it is my wish to
remain in New York, where I can water the grave of my victim with my
tears, and commune with her gentle spirit
’

“Now, my good friends, here I am at the end of my awkward story, and if
I have bored you with the telling of it, I am truly sorry for it; but if
I knew I had been so fortunate as to interest you, I should be very much
gratified
 To all of my good friends who have been so kind as to honor
me with their attention, I beg permission to express my grateful thanks;
and by way of winding up the entertainment, I suggest the idea that we
now adjourn to the saloon and engage in a quadrille
”

“Wait a moment, sir, if you please,” said Ivanhoe, as he threw himself
in front of Ingomar, as if he was determined to force him to halt; “you
have not yet finished your story, and we do not intend to permit you to
retire until you have told us what has become of Lottie Wallingford
”

“Yes, yes, yes
” exclaimed a dozen voices at once
 “Let us know what has
become of Lottie Wallingford
”

“My friends,” replied Ingomar, “I pledge you my word that there is no
such person as Lottie Wallingford now living, so far as I know or
believe; but if her Majesty will remove her mask, I will be very glad to
introduce to you Mrs
 Lottie Demar, my beloved wife, of whom I am
exceedingly proud
”

By the time Ingomar concluded the sentence, the mask was removed, and
Lottie stood, radiant, beautiful, and blushing before the admiring
multitude


For a moment the spectators gazed in breathless wonder at the angelic
loveliness of the beautiful creature who stood before them; then the
audience began to press around the charming object, eager to offer their
congratulations
 Captain Quitman, in whose eyes tears of joy trembled,
leaped on a box, and brandishing his cane in the air, called out, “Three
cheers for the Barbarian Chief and his beautiful Parthenia
” Then rose
such a joyous shout as to drown the great noise caused by the machinery
of the boat
 A proposition was made by Ingomar, and indorsed unanimously
by the crowd, that all disguises should instantly be laid aside
 When
Don Quixote removed his mask, Lottie sprang forward, and seizing both of
his hands, exclaimed:

“Oh, bless us
 it is Doctor Plaxico, and I am so much delighted to meet
my valued friend
 And here is Captain Burk, too
 I am really ashamed to
acknowledge that I did not recognize either of you
”

When Scottie removed her mask, Captain Burk threw up his hands with
surprise, as he moved rapidly to her side, while his handsome features
lighted up with a delightful smile


“Miss Darlington,” he ejaculated, “two years ago I considered you very
pretty, but now I am ready to swear on the Bible and the Koran that you
are the most beautiful girl on the globe
”

“Captain Burk,” replied Miss Darlington, as she smiled sweetly on him,
“I beg to remind you that, notwithstanding all women are fond of
flattery, they do not like to be praised in public
”

All of the maskers promptly complied with the agreement by immediately
dispensing with their disguises, except Napoleon, Navarre, and the lady
in the black domino, all three of whom abruptly retired from the deck as
soon as the proposition was made


Ingomar conducted Lottie down to the saloon, where they were immediately
followed by all the passengers


“Ladies and gentlemen,” said the captain, “I have a communication to
make to you, which I am happy to believe will be heartily indorsed by my
young friends
 We are now approaching a landing where we expect to take
on a large lot of cotton bales, which will detain us at least six hours;
and I have ordered the steward to prepare a picnic dinner to be served
on shore, where you will find charming scenery, cool shade, and green
turf
 I have also ordered the band to be ready to make music for those
who may wish to enjoy a rustic dance
”

The spot selected for the picnic was about two hundred yards from the
river-bank, where the soft velvet turf was shaded by the thick green
leaves of innumerable tall beech-trees, whose branches were covered with
verdant vines


The band struck up a lively waltz, and then a dozen couples went
skipping over the greensward


After the amusements had been progressing about an hour, a colored woman
appeared on the grounds with a large hamper basket of flowers, which she
offered for sale
 Among the flowers there was a magnificent bouquet,
containing every variety known to the South, which Demar immediately
purchased and presented to Lottie
 The young people began to crowd
around Lottie, eager to behold the beautiful present, and each one, of
course, was permitted to examine it
 Napoleon, although still wearing
his mask and refusing to participate in any of the amusements,
condescended to handle and admire the beautiful bouquet
 It was noticed
that he retained it for a long time, apparently interested in the
delicate workmanship and ingenuity of its construction, occasionally
pulling the flowers apart, as if he wanted to see how it was held
together
 After he had inspected it for five minutes he handed it back
to Lottie, who immediately held it close to her face and began to inhale
the rich perfume afforded by the rare flowers


“Oh
 Edward,” she exclaimed as she let the bouquet fall to the ground,
“the scent of those flowers has made me sick, and I must request you to
take me aboard the boat as soon as you can
”

“Darling, are you very ill
 Your cheeks have suddenly turned deadly
pale
 What is the matter?”

“I do not know, Edward
 I never experienced such a strange feeling
before
 My throat and lungs feel as if they were full of burning fire,
and my head is as light as air
 You will have to carry me to my room
immediately, for I do not believe I could walk a step unsupported
”

“Mrs
 Demar,” said Doctor Plaxico, as he held his fingers on her pulse,
“have you ever been subject to any sudden attacks of illness before?”

“I have never been ill at all but one time during the last ten years
”

“If you feel able to talk, I would be glad if you would give me a minute
description of the first symptoms of the attack
”

“I was in perfect health when we went on shore--never felt better in my
life
 Edward purchased a large, handsome bouquet and gave it to me, and
I buried my face among the fragrant flowers, inhaling the sweet odor
until I was seized with a sudden faintness, and would have fallen to the
ground, but Edward caught me in time to prevent it
 Then my throat and
lungs began to burn with an intolerable heat, and have been growing
worse every moment
 Oh
 Edward, can you not give me something to quench
this blazing fire in my lungs? You know I am not childish, or in the
habit of complaining at trifles, but I cannot endure this intolerable
suffering
”

“Plaxico, for Heaven’s sake give her something to stop her sufferings
”
exclaimed Demar, as he knelt down by the bedside, wringing his hands in
despair


Plaxico made no reply to Demar’s request--in fact, he seemed to be
perplexed, and full of hesitation, which was an unusual thing with him,
for he generally acted promptly, and with energy


“Doctor Plaxico,” said Demar, “do you know what is the matter with my
wife?”

“No
”

“Have you no means by which you can ascertain the nature of her
disease?”

“No
”

“Have you no suspicions as to the cause of her sudden illness?”

“Yes
”

“Tell me then what you suspect
”

“I shall not do it without further investigation
”

“Oh, Edward,” exclaimed Lottie, as she tore the lace collar from her
neck, “do, pray, give me something to cool my throat--I cannot endure
this horrible torture much longer
”

She tore away the fastenings that confined the dress about her throat,
and began to tear the skin with her finger nails, until the blood
commenced to gush out


“Plaxico,” exclaimed Demar indignantly, “I am sorry to say that your
conduct on this awful occasion is to me inexplicable, and, I might say,
inexcusable
 Are you going to sit here with folded hands and see my
darling die, without making an effort to save her?”

“By Heaven
 I would gladly give my life to save her
”

“Why not give her an opiate?”

“Because I am afraid
”

“What do you mean?”

“Exactly what I say
”

“Doctor Plaxico, for Heaven’s sake have pity on me, and quit speaking in
riddles
”

“I am not dealing in riddles--I do not know what is the matter with your
wife
”

“Can you not suggest some harmless drug that would afford temporary
relief?”

“Demar, why do you stare at me that way?”

“I am full of astonishment to witness such a lack of self-confidence in
one possessing such unlimited knowledge of medical science as I know you
do
”

It did not require the eye of science to see that death would soon step
in to relieve the sufferer, unless she could be speedily relieved by
other means
 This fact was now patent to Edward Demar, who was so
completely crazed with grief that he sank down by Lottie, and gave way
to despair


“Oh
 Edward
” cried Lottie as she threw out both arms as if she were
feeling for him, “where are you? I do believe I am going blind, for I
cannot see you
”

Lottie was then seized with a frightful spasm that lasted five or six
minutes, which, when it passed off, left her in a state of exhaustion

Her hands and feet became icy cold, while her throat and lungs were
burning up with unnatural heat


Captain Quitman, who had just heard of Lottie’s dangerous illness, came
hurriedly into the room to make inquiries


“How is she?”

“Bad enough
 She will die inside of two hours unless a radical change
sets in very soon
”

“Great Providence forbid
” exclaimed the kind-hearted man
 “What is the
matter with her?”

“Don’t know
”

“Have you never seen any one afflicted as she is?”

“Yes
”

“Why not try the same remedies now that you did then?”

“Because that other patient died
”

“What was the matter with the patient whose symptoms resembled these?”

“Poison
”

The old captain leaped over two chairs, dashing them to the other side
of the room, and seizing Plaxico by both shoulders, fairly lifted him
off of the floor, letting him down with a slam; then in a thundering
tone exclaimed:

“Plaxico, by the great Jupiter, tell me what you mean
”

“I mean what I say
”

“See here, doctor, do you intend to insinuate that one of my passengers
has been poisoned?”

“No, I insinuate nothing, for I know nothing
”

The old captain then rushed out of the room and hurried toward the cook
house to have an interview with the steward, knocking over a dozen
chairs as he went, and jostling a group of ladies who attempted to
intercept him with a view of inquiring about Lottie


“Dying, I believe,” he muttered, as he elbowed his way among the anxious
crowd


Lottie’s mind began to wander, and she would converse about occurrences
that had transpired in the days of her childhood


She suddenly regained her reason, and began to call for her husband


“Here I am, darling; what can I do to relieve you?”

“Nothing, Edward; oh
 I do not want to die now, because I have so much
to live for
 I am not afraid to die, but I was so happy with my darling
that I wanted to remain with him; but if it is God’s will that I shall
be taken away from him, I must not rebel
”

The lady in the black domino now came dashing into the room, and fell on
her knees by the bedside and burst into a violent fit of weeping
 Her
conduct was so violent and mysterious that it filled the minds of all
with wonder, and caused Doctor Plaxico to whisper a request to Demar to
have her removed


Captain Burk now made his appearance at the door, and requested an
interview with Plaxico


The doctor passed through the door and taking the captain’s arm, went
with him out on the guards


“Doctor Plaxico,” said Burk, “do you know what is the matter with Mrs

Demar?”

“No
”

“Have you no suspicions?”

“Yes
”

“Have you any objections to telling me what you suspect?”

“Yes
”

“Why?”

“Because it would do no good, and might do much harm
”

“Would you be surprised if I were to guess exactly what you suspect?”

“Indeed, I would
”

“I have a suspicion myself, and I propose that we both write down what
we suspect and then compare notes, with the distinct understanding that
this transaction is to remain a profound secret between us
”

“Agreed
”

The two men turned their backs together and with pencils hurriedly wrote
something on their memorandum books; then facing each other, Captain
Burk handed his book to Plaxico


“Poison
” exclaimed Plaxico


“Poison
” cried Burk


Then both men stared wildly at each other


“What caused you to suspect that she was poisoned?” inquired Captain
Burk


“The peculiar symptoms,” was the prompt reply
 “What aroused your
suspicions?”

“My poor Newfoundland dog has just died from the effects of poison; or
at least such is my belief
”

“What led you to such a conclusion?”

“When Mrs
 Demar was so suddenly taken ill, we were dancing on the green
turf, but we all immediately ceased dancing and returned to the boat;
before I had reached the shore some one of the ladies called my
attention to the beautiful bouquet which Mrs
 Demar had dropped, and
requested me to bring it aboard
 I was then about thirty yards from the
spot where the bouquet had been dropped, and pointing at it, I commanded
Don to fetch it to me
 He started instantly, running swiftly to the
spot, seized the bouquet in his mouth and soon deposited it at my feet

It was but a moment after he had deposited the flowers at my feet, when
he began to whine and reel, and in three minutes he was dead
”

“Merciful God
 Captain Burk, some treacherous, double-damned villain has
intentionally murdered that poor lady
 Where is the bouquet?”

“In my state-room
”

“Go bring it here--quick
”

Burk returned instantly with the flowers


“Now get me a dog, cat or any live animal that you can find, so we may
make a test
”

A deck hand was found who had a worthless dog that he had been trying to
hire some one to kill
 The dog’s nose was forced deep into the body of
the bouquet and held there three minutes, and three minutes afterward he
was dead
 Then such a panic spread among the passengers as to beggar all
powers of description
 Several ladies were precipitated into hysterical
fits, while brave men, who had often faced death on the battle field
unmoved by fear, now trembled like pale-faced cowards
 What motive could
any one have for murdering the most beautiful, the most charming woman
aboard the boat? Suspicion soon began to point her finger at the lady in
the black domino, while the matter was discussed in low whispers by the
passengers
 Meantime Lottie’s condition was growing worse rapidly, and
the doctor declared that there were no grounds for hope
 Despair and
horror were visible on every face, while tears began to stream from the
eyes of many strong men who did not often weep


“Who is the abandoned wretch?” inquired George, as he elbowed his way
through the crowd near the door; “I handled that bouquet, I buried my
face among the flowers, and for at least twenty seconds enjoyed the
fragrance, yet it did not poison me, which proves beyond doubt that the
fatal drug was placed in it after I handled it
”

“Who was the last one to handle it before it was returned to Lottie?”
exclaimed Captain Burk


“The lady in the black domino,” replied Scottie


“You are mistaken there, I think, Miss Darlington,” said George, “for it
is my recollection that Napoleon was the one who returned the bouquet to
Lottie
 I remember distinctly that he held it in his hand a long while,
and that he kept pulling the flowers apart as if desirous to see how it
was held together
”

“It is a settled fact,” said Captain Quitman, “that the one who returned
that bouquet to Mrs
 Demar is the one that deposited the poison on it;
and if that person can be pointed out, we may be able to detect the
poisoner
”

When the fact that Mrs
 Demar was poisoned was first announced by
Doctor Plaxico, the lady in the black domino (who had been expelled from
Lottie’s room a short time before) uttered a loud, piercing scream, and
ran rapidly toward her own state-room


“What on earth does that mean?” exclaimed Captain Burk as the woman came
dashing past him


“I would risk my life on her being the poisoner,” said Scottie
 “She has
just now heard Doctor Plaxico say that Lottie would be dead in less than
two hours
 I was present when the announcement was made, and as soon as
that woman heard it she uttered the scream and dashed away
 It was not a
scream of distress, but it was a shout of joy
 She is the very wretch
who deposited the poison in that bouquet, and it is my opinion that she
is in love with Demar, and that she has murdered Lottie to get her out
of the way
”

“That is the most plausible theory I have heard mentioned in connection
with this horrible affair,” said Captain Burk, “for I cannot believe
that such a charming woman as Mrs
 Demar could have an enemy except such
as are made by the green-eyed monster
”

Doctor Plaxico now came out of Lottie’s room looking unusually serious,
and when a dozen anxious friends inquired all at once about the
condition of the patient, he shook his head and in a voice choked with
deep emotion, said:

“Dying
” and passed on


As the doctor passed out the lady in the black domino was seen running
as fast as she could from her own to Lottie’s room, holding a large
phial of liquid in each hand


“Stop, madame
” exclaimed Doctor Plaxico as he placed his back against
the door of Lottie’s room; “you must not go in there
”

“By what authority do you forbid it?”

“I am the attending physician, which confers the authority on me to
protect my patient from intruders
”

“I heard you say just now that you had abandoned all hopes of saving
your patient’s life
”

“I do not deny it
”

“Then I will save her
”

“You
”

“I
”

“Madame, did you know that suspicion was pointing at you as the
murderess?”

“No; nor do I care where suspicion may choose to point
 This is no time
to discuss suspicions, when the purest, the best and noblest lady on
earth is in great peril
 Stand aside, sir, and let me go in
”

“What stuff is contained in those two bottles? More poison, I dare say
”

“That which I hold in my left hand, sir, is an antidote for vegetable
poison, and this is a certain cure for the most deadly mineral poison

Now let me go in, and since you have given your patient up, you cannot
deny me a chance to save her
”

“Demar, this woman is crazy beyond all question; and if you let her
administer any drug to your wife, I want you to distinctly understand
that you do it against my advice or consent
”

Demar, whose mind was overflowed with sorrow, gazed wildly at the
mysterious woman before him


“Madame,” he groaned, “why do you wish to murder such a sweet angel as
Lottie?”

“You are all murderers who stand here caviling about nonsense, while
your victim is dying
 I can and will save Lottie’s life, if you will
only let me do it
”

“Did you place the poison in the bouquet?”

“No, but I know who did; and if you will let me, I will save Lottie’s
life and then show you the poisoner
”

“How am I to know that the drug you propose to give my wife is not
poison?”

“Give me a spoon and see me drink the same quantity that I shall offer
to your wife
”

“Your request is reasonable, and I will take the risk
”

A spoon was brought, when the strange woman took the phial and with a
steady hand measured out exactly ten drops of the liquid and instantly
swallowed it
 Then pouring out ten more drops, she said:

“Shall I administer it to your wife, or will you do it?”

Demar hesitated a moment while he stared with a look of perplexity
toward Plaxico, who was watching the proceedings with silent contempt


“Demar,” said he, “I want you to remember that all this nonsense is
being enacted contrary to my advice, and in the face of the fair warning
I have given you
”

“And I warn you,” said the lady in the black domino firmly, “that if you
stand here halting and caviling about trifles much longer Mrs
 Demar
will die, and you will be to blame for it
”

“Who are you, madame?” inquired Demar, in a hesitating tone


“It matters not who I am; let me be judged by what I shall do; and if I
do not save the life of that poor lady, you may plunge me into the
river, or roast me in the furnace
”

“Why did you shout with joy a moment ago when you heard Doctor Plaxico
say that Lottie was poisoned, and that she would surely die?”

“Because when he said she was poisoned I knew I could save her life

This antidote was given to me by a learned German surgeon who had served
in the British army for many years in India
 It was my good fortune to
nurse him, in Cincinnati, through a long, lingering spell of typhus
fever, and as a reward for my services he gave me these two phials with
their contents
”

“Enough
” exclaimed Demar eagerly, “I believe and will trust you, and
may God grant you success
 Approach and administer the medicine
yourself
”

Lottie’s eyes were rolling wildly, while her breathing was difficult,
and all evidences of reason had disappeared
 All who saw her were
convinced that she had commenced the struggle with the dreadful
destroyer
 The lady in the black domino lifted Lottie’s head from the
pillow and emptied the medicine into her mouth, holding her still until
she saw the patient swallow it, then laid her down gently, and waited
for the result
 Plaxico stood by with one hand on the patient’s pulse,
and his watch in the other, and although he had disapproved of the
experiment, he earnestly prayed in silence that it might be attended
with success
 Fifteen minutes after the antidote was administered,
Lottie closed her eyes and appeared to be asleep, while the breathing
grew less labored
 The pale face of Doctor Plaxico began to brighten


“How is she now?” Demar whispered as he seized Plaxico’s arm


“Better
”

“She is saved, thank Heaven
” exclaimed the lady in the black domino as
she fell on her knees by the bed and burst into tears


“Be still, Demar
” said Plaxico, “and let go my arm--you are hurting
me
”

A purse of fifteen hundred dollars in money was made up among the
passengers, and a committee appointed with instructions to present it to
the lady who had saved Lottie’s life; but the astonishment was boundless
when the committee reported the fact that the lady in the black domino
had politely, but firmly refused to accept the money


The next morning Lottie was able to rise from her bed, and when she
appeared in the saloon leaning on her husband’s arm, the enthusiasm was
indescribable
 Congratulations were showered on the lovely favorite, and
everybody appeared to be happy





CHAPTER XL



As soon as breakfast was over, the next morning after Lottie had been so
miraculously cured, Captain Quitman arose from the head of the table and
began to address his passengers as follows:

“My young friends, when I purchased the ‘White Rose of Memphis’ and
placed her on this line, the height of my ambition was to make her the
headquarters of pleasure-seekers
 It was my aim to make it to the
interest of travelers to patronize my boat, and to furnish excursion
parties with facilities for enjoyment
 I had always adhered to the idea
that it was the duty of a steam-boat commander to protect his passengers
against ruffians and thieves, and I mean to do so to the utmost of my
capacity
 It is with emotions of the deepest regret that I am compelled
to inform my friends that, by some means unknown to me, shrewd
pickpockets and robbers have managed to get aboard of my boat
 One of my
passengers has been robbed of a large sum of money, amounting, I
believe, to something near ten thousand dollars; another has lost a
splendid gold watch; and others have been deprived of jewels and other
valuable articles
 I therefore request every passenger to consent to be
searched and to permit the state-rooms to be thoroughly examined; and,
in order to prevent any attempt to conceal the stolen property, I ask
all the passengers to fall into line now
 Let the ladies form on my left
and the gentlemen on my right
”

The captain had scarcely concluded his request before the two lines were
formed, the ladies promptly arranging themselves to the left and the
gentlemen on his right
 A few of the passengers had retired to their
state-rooms, but as soon as the wishes of the captain were transmitted
to them they immediately appeared and took their places in the line

Napoleon and Navarre arranged themselves side by side at the head of the
gentlemen’s line


“That woman is the thief,” whispered one of the passengers, addressing
the man on his left


“That is exactly the conclusion that has possessed my mind,” was the
reply


“Let no one leave the line without permission until the search is ended;
and I request Mrs
 Demar and Miss Darlington to take their places in
state-room number seven, and let the ladies go there, one at a time, and
submit to a thorough search
”

The lady in the black domino left her place in the line, and, with a
slow, measured tread, moved round and paused in front of Captain
Quitman
 This movement, being a plain violation of the explicit
instructions of the captain, produced no small amount of curiosity, and
led to innumerable exclamations of surprise


“I would most respectfully ask you, sir, to wait a moment,” said she, in
a voice which slightly trembled, but had a sweet, melancholy sound
 “I
have something to communicate, which, I doubt not, will have a tendency
to change the programme which you have been pleased to mention
 I must
ask you to let me see the gentleman who had the misfortune to lose his
watch
”

George Woodburry (a young man who had been personating George III
) then
promptly stepped out from the line and confronted the black domino


“Are you the gentleman whose watch was stolen?”

Mr
 Woodburry merely answered by a slight inclination of the head,
without opening his lips
 She then drew from her pocket a large,
double-cased gold watch to which was attached a massive chain
 Holding
it out toward him, she said:

“Is this your property, sir?”

“Yes
”

Then addressing the captain again, she requested him to produce the
gentleman whose money had been stolen
 Henry of Navarre stepped from his
place in the line and confronted the black domino


“I am the one who has been so unlucky as to lose a large sum of money
”

“Take a seat, sir,” replied the woman, “near that table there, and do me
the favor to count the contents of this pocket-book carefully, and when
you have finished inform me whose it is, and the amount of money in it
”

Navarre, taking the pocket-book, drew a chair to the table and began to
count the money


“Poor woman,” observed Captain Burk, “she has stolen the money, and now
when she sees all chances of escape destroyed, she is going to confess
and beg for mercy
”

“For my part,” replied Woodburry, “I am inclined to think she is crazy

I have noticed her singular conduct ever since we left Memphis, and I am
unable to account for her actions upon any other theory
”

Nearly all the passengers felt a sentiment of compassion for the
unfortunate woman, and several suggested the propriety of requesting
Captain Quitman to let her off without exposure, inasmuch as she had
restored the stolen property


“I make a motion,” said Demar, “that we jointly petition the captain not
to expose the poor unfortunate creature
”

The motion was unanimously adopted and Demar selected as commissioner to
lay the petition before Captain Quitman
 Meantime Navarre finished
counting the money


“This is my pocket-book, madame,” said he as he rose from the table,
“and I find all my money in it, just as it was when it was stolen
”
Then, handing Captain Quitman a little paper box, she said:

“In this box, sir, you will find all the other stolen articles, which
you will oblige me by returning to the owners
”

The captain received the articles and instantly delivered them to the
parties from whom they had been filched; then, addressing the mysterious
woman, he said:

“Madame, the circumstances just developed force me to the performance of
a very painful duty which I would gladly shun, but I must place you
under arrest
”

“Captain Quitman,” said Demar, as he advanced to the spot where he
stood, “I am requested by a large number of your passengers to inform
you that it is their wish that this unfortunate woman should be forgiven
and dismissed without exposure
 We must remember that the most prominent
trait in our great Saviour’s character was His boundless mercy toward
malefactors
 When He was bleeding on the cross, suffering the agonies of
death for the sins of fallen man, He spoke the words of pardon to the
poor thief who was dying by His side
 Now, in humble imitation of the
merciful example set us by our great Redeemer, let us pardon this poor
unfortunate woman, and bid her go and sin no more
”

“Doctor Demar,” said Captain Quitman, “nothing would gratify me more
than to comply with the wishes of you and your friends; but the duty
which I was performing is one not to be avoided by me unless the request
shall be endorsed by the parties whose property was stolen
”

“We indorse the request most willingly,” said Navarre


“I most heartily join in that request,” said George Woodburry


“Madame,” said the captain, “you have heard the noble expressions of
compassion which have just been made in your behalf, and I am happy to
be permitted to speak the words of pardon to you
 You will be permitted
to remain in mask, and no further effort will be made to expose you, but
you must leave this boat when we arrive at Vicksburg
”

“Captain Quitman,” began the strange woman, “for the manifestations of
mercy and forgiveness so generously expressed by these kind ladies and
gentlemen, I am profoundly grateful; but I must be pardoned for saying
that while I appreciate the generosity that prompts the offer, I do not
ask or wish any mercy from these good ladies and noble men
 When I want
mercy, I will dispatch my supplication to a higher tribunal, where the
secrets of all hearts are known, and where good and bad deeds are
correctly recorded
 I am by no means ignorant of the old legal maxim
that holds the possessor of stolen goods responsible for the theft,
until such possession is explained by competent evidence
 I do not deny
the fact that a _prima facie_ case has been made out in this instance
against me; nevertheless, I am not the thief
 You were correct, indeed,
when you concluded that you had a shrewd thief aboard of this boat
 I
can assert of my own knowledge, that a demon is among you, whose black
soul is steeped in crime, an inhuman monster, who neither fears God, man
nor Satan


    “‘Earth gapes, Hell burns, fiends roar, saints pray,
      To have him suddenly carried away;
      Cancel his bond of life, dear God; I pray
      That I may live to say the dog is dead
’

“I trust that my good friends will pardon me for using such strong
language--I have borrowed it from Shakespeare’s ‘Richard III
’ It was
suggested to my mind by the striking resemblance between the bloody King
and this diabolical monster--this lapper up of innocent blood--this
destroyer of confiding virtue--this cruel fiend whose hands are red with
blood--whose soul is stained with perjury
 This false, bloody villain is
named Benjamin Bowles, and here he stands
”

As quick as thought she sprang forward before the sentence had been half
uttered and tearing away Napoleon’s mask, there stood Ben Bowles, pale
but defiant as ever, while anger and hate blazed from his eyes
 Half a
dozen ladies fainted, others fled to their state-rooms, while the men
stood still, perfectly stupefied with astonishment
 Henry of Navarre
then slowly moved round and confronting Bowles, while his arms were
folded across his breast


“Mr
 Bowles
 you and I have met before to-day
 A duty which I owe to
society and the laws of my country compels me to take a step which will
somewhat interfere with your pleasure excursion
 The grand jury at
Memphis have decided that you committed a cruel murder upon a little boy
named Bramlett
 Now you will have to abandon your little pleasure trip
and go with me back to Memphis
 If they do not hang you for the murder
of young Bramlett, you can then stand your trial for your cowardly
attempt to assassinate Mrs
 Demar
 You know we can take the train at
Vicksburg, and return to Memphis
”

“I know you very well, Harry Wallingford, and am always glad to meet
you
 You would be glad to create the impression that you are a man of
courage, but I happen to know that that you are a coward
 I despise and
defy you, and am sorry I cannot employ words sufficiently insulting to
induce you to fight
”

“I have too much self-respect, Mr
 Bowles, to resent an insult offered
by men of your sort
 The fact is, I pity you, for the awful situation in
which you are placed, and so far as I am individually concerned, I mean
to place you in the hands of the law, and leave you to deal with God and
your own conscience
”

“Indeed, sir, that is exceedingly kind in you; but I must be permitted
to make some disposition of you, since you have been so mindful of my
comfort
 You say you are going to place me in the hands of God--the
law--my conscience, and the grand jury, and how many other distinguished
individuals have you chosen to act as my guardian
 I flatter myself that
I shall be able to make a better disposition of you, than you have
promised to make of me; because I have concluded to make hell a present
of your cowardly soul, so you will not be annoyed with so many masters

I think I shall be able to make a better job this time than I did when I
clipped your left wing at Memphis
”

As Bowles uttered the last sentence, he snatched a large navy revolver
from under his coat, and cocking it as he brought it round, leveled it
at Wallingford’s breast; but the lady in the black domino, who was
standing near, seized his arm and instantly jerked it round; a short
scuffle ensued--the loud report of the pistol rang out through the
saloon--a cloud of blue smoke gushed up--a column of red flame blazed
out--a loud scream escaped the mysterious woman’s lips, and she fell
bleeding into Navarre’s arms
 As the body of the lady dropped forward
against Navarre’s breast, he saw a crimson stream gush out from her left
side and trickle over his vest
 As her head fell back across his arm her
mask fell off, and her dark brown hair dropped unconfined about his
shoulders


“Merciful God
” exclaimed Wallingford, “it is Viola, and the cruel
villain has killed her
”

As soon as Bowles fired the pistol he darted quickly through a side
door, and ran rapidly toward the front end of the boat, evidently
intending to leap into the river and effect his escape by swimming to
the shore


When Wallingford made the startling discovery that it was Miss
Bramlett’s blood that spurted against his breast, thoughts of revenge
instantly filled his mind
 Gently laying the bleeding girl on a sofa, he
dashed through the saloon, reaching the head of the stairs that led from
the middle to the lower deck, just as Bowles arrived on the lower floor

Making a tremendous spring, he leaped down in season to catch the
fugitive before he had time to leap overboard


As soon as Wallingford leaped on the lower deck, he seized hold of the
sleeve of Bowles’ coat, and called the deck hands to assist in arresting
the murderer
 A stalwart Irishman hurried forward intending to render
the aid, but Bowles, who still held the pistol in his hand, leveled it
at the man’s head and fired
 The bullet grazed the man’s temple,
knocking him down, which induced the other deck hands to believe that
their comrade was killed; consequently they all beat a precipitate
retreat, leaving Wallingford to fight it out alone


Bowles knew that his only chance to effect his escape was to disable his
adversary and leap into the river before assistance could come from the
saloon; hence he attempted to shoot Wallingford, which he would have
succeeded in doing but his hand was knocked up just as his finger
touched the trigger, which caused the ball to fly harmless overhead


The instant Bowles succeeded in disengaging himself from Wallingford’s
grasp, and just as Demar reached the floor, the fugitive leaped into the
river and began to swim toward the shore, leaving the pistol on the
floor
 Wallingford seized the pistol and commenced firing at Bowles, who
kept diving under the water in order to dodge the bullets which were
whistling in close proximity to his head


“The White Rose” at that time was running close to the shore
 Bowles was
an expert swimmer, and it was very plain that, unless prevented, he
would easily effect his escape
 He had reached a point at least thirty
yards from the boat before Wallingford became convinced that all of his
shot had missed his man
 Throwing off his coat and boots, still holding
the pistol in his hand, Wallingford plunged into the water, and set out
in pursuit of the escaping outlaw


“Turn her head in toward the shore, Mr
 Haliman, as quick as you can
”
cried Captain Quitman, who stood on the hurricane deck; “don’t lose a
moment; that foolish boy will be drowned if he attacks that huge villain
in the water
”

“It is somewhat dangerous, captain, to attempt to land her there,”
replied Mr
 Haliman; “we might get her aground
”

“Let her get aground, Mr
 Haliman; I had rather sink her than to see
that boy drowned by such a monster as Bowles
 Go ahead on the starboard,
and hold steady on the larboard; point her head toward that tall tree
yonder, and stick her nozzle in that sand-bank--quick, quick, Mr

Haliman
”

After Demar had done all he could to dissuade the rash young man from
venturing to tackle such a giant while in the water, and being unable to
recall him, he threw off his coat and plunged into the river, determined
to save the life of his kinsman, or perish with him


The passengers crowded the hurricane deck and watched the approaching
struggle with breathless anxiety


Wallingford continued to gain on his hated foe, while thoughts of
revenge crowded all prudence or fear from his breast
 He was thinking of
the blood that had spouted against his breast from Viola’s side


Mr
 Haliman, owing to the treachery of the current, was encountering
some difficulty in bringing his boat round to the shore, and, despite
his vigorous efforts to drive her nozzle on the sand-bank, she swung
round and began to drift further down


Demar soon became convinced that he would not be able to overtake Harry
in time to render any assistance
 Consequently he began to call to
Wallingford, begging him to wait until he could get to him; but the
imprudent boy dashed forward without heeding the call
 He might as
readily have checked a tornado with a lady’s fan as Harry Wallingford,
by reminding him of the danger into which he was rushing


When Bowles became convinced that he would be overtaken before he could
reach the shore, he slackened his efforts, and merely exerted sufficient
motion to keep himself on the surface, being, no doubt, conscious of the
great advantage which his superior strength would give him over his
adversary in a duel fought in the water


When Wallingford had arrived within twenty feet of his enemy, he began
to move obliquely to the left, so as to come up where he would have the
advantage of the current
 Bowles turned round and leisurely floated on
the surface of the water, eying his pursuer as if he were anxious to get
hold of him; but Wallingford began to swim round the desperado
 When he
came up within six feet of him, he made a sudden dash forward and
attempted to strike him on the head with the pistol which he still held
in his hand, but at that instant the bright blade of a long dagger
gleamed in the rays of the setting sun, as the arm of the outlaw
descended toward Wallingford’s body


A suppressed scream escaped the lips of a dozen ladies who witnessed the
strange duel from the hurricane deck of the “White Rose,” as they saw
the glittering steel being driven into Wallingford’s body


Then commenced a hand-to-hand struggle, one using the pistol as a club,
the other striking rapidly with the dagger; every now and then both
parties would for a moment disappear under the water, then rise to the
surface, grappling each other in a deadly embrace
 Stains of blood began
to appear on Wallingford’s shirt, and blood was streaming over his face


Demar, finding that his efforts to render aid by swimming were
fruitless, turned his course and went toward the yawl
 Leaping into it,
he urged the four men to pull for dear life, promising a handsome reward
to the oarsmen if they could get to the combatants in time to save
Wallingford’s life
 After the combat had been continued for two or three
minutes the parties separated for a moment, as if by mutual consent, in
order to get a little breath, and to maneuver for advantage
 Only a few
seconds elapsed, however, before Bowles began to advance toward his
antagonist, being anxious, no doubt, to end the combat before the yawl
could come to Wallingford’s assistance, which was now not very far away

The two men now began to swim round each other, each seeking to get the
benefit of the current
 A scuffle then ensued, but here Wallingford’s
activity stood him in good stead, for he managed to give a sudden twist,
disappearing under the water, while Bowles swam round, watching the spot
where Harry had gone under
 But no little amount of astonishment was
that which Bowles felt when he saw his wily foe rise up at least twenty
feet away
 Wallingford was up the stream, which circumstance would
enable him to make a successful plunge, as he would be coming with,
instead of against, the strong current


The pilot had by this time succeeded in driving the nozzle of his boat
against the bank, but in consequence of the treachery of the current, he
had been compelled to strike the shore nearly a hundred yards below the
point first designated by the commander


The spectators were horrified to see that Wallingford’s face was covered
with blood, and when he raised his body above the water they could see
the blood spouting from a dozen wounds on his neck, face and shoulders

For several seconds he paused, as if endeavoring to take a little
breath; then, giving his head a sudden shake as if to dash the bloody
hair back from his face, he raised his body high up out of the water,
and, quick as lightning, darted on his adversary, dealing him a
tremendous blow on the back of the head with the butt end of the pistol

The sharp point of the hammer went crashing like a bullet through the
villain’s skull, and the body of Ben Bowles sank, never to rise again
until it and his soul were separated
 The lifeless body of the desperate
outlaw was found ten days afterward, floating in the water thirty miles
from the spot where it and the soul parted
 Wallingford, being
completely overcome with fatigue and the loss of blood, was incapable of
making any further exertion
 He fell off of the piece of timber and
disappeared under the water, but as he came up a few seconds afterward,
Demar seized him by the wrist, as he was sinking the second time, and
lifted him into the yawl, when he fell insensible on the floor
 The
lifeless body of the rash young man was hurriedly conveyed to a
state-room on the “White Rose,” where Doctor Plaxico was instantly
summoned to take charge of the case


“There is where the danger lies,” said Plaxico
 “The dagger that
inflicted that wound penetrated the cavity of the lungs, and internal
hemorrhage has resulted
”

Lottie, who had at all times been famous for her courage and
self-possession under adverse circumstances, was now completely mastered
by her grief
 As soon as she recovered her self-possession, she implored
the doctor to tell her the very worst


“You need not be afraid to tell me the truth, doctor
 Tell me candidly,
is my brother mortally wounded or not?”

“Mrs
 Demar, it is impossible for me to give anything like a reliable
opinion just now, but, to be frank with you, I fear we may expect a
fatal result
” Then, addressing Demar, he said, “Go to Miss Bramlett
without delay and examine her wound, and see if anything can be done for
her
”

“What a pity it is that such a pretty girl should be murdered by such a
fiend as Ben Bowles
” observed George Woodburry, in a whisper to Captain
Burk


“Yes,” replied the captain; “she has lost her life in the attempt to
save Wallingford
”

“Were they not engaged to be married?”

“Yes, though it was thought by Miss Bramlett’s friends that she had
committed suicide in New York nearly a year ago
 There appears to be
some strange mystery connected with this business
”

“I wonder if she knew that Navarre was Harry Wallingford in disguise?”

“I am inclined to think she did; but I am of the opinion that he did not
know that the lady of the black domino was Miss Bramlett
”

“What a strange and fatal coincidence it is that they should have met
here, to die at the same time and place, both murdered by the same
desperate villain
”

“Indeed it is
”

“Is Miss Bramlett dead?” inquired Captain Quitman, who was watching
attentively near the door


“No,” replied Demar, “and I am exceedingly glad to be able to inform you
that she is not going to die from any cause now existing
 Her wound is
not at all of a serious character, though she has received a very severe
shock; she has entirely recovered from its effect, and is now soundly
sleeping, under the influence of an opiate, and I think it is safe to
predict that she will be as well as ever in less than a week
 The ball
struck a rib, glancing round and making its exit just to the left of the
spine, inflicting merely a slight flesh wound
”

“Heaven bless you, Demar, for this good news
” exclaimed Captain
Quitman, as he seized the surgeon’s hand


“Go in and see Wallingford immediately, and I pray to God to enable you
to bring us such good news from him
”

As soon as Demar went into the room he inquired of Plaxico the condition
of the patient


“Bad enough, Heaven knows
” was the answer
 “He is totally
unconscious--fever rising--respiration difficult--left lung gorged with
blood, and every symptom most unfavorable
 That stab under the
shoulder-blade is the dangerous one
 Demar, you must get some reliable
nurse to remain with Miss Bramlett all the time, and let it be
distinctly understood that she is to be closely watched--if your wife
would undertake the task, I should be very glad
”

“What do you mean, Plaxico? have I not just told you that Miss Bramlett
is scarcely hurt at all--she will be able to get up by to-morrow
morning
 Where is the necessity of such vigilant nursing
”

“That poor girl will commit suicide if Wallingford dies
 I think the
chances are about a thousand in favor of a fatal result, to one of
recovery
 You must not lose sight of the fact that Miss Bramlett did on
a former occasion contemplate suicide, when she thought Wallingford was
hopelessly ill; and you may be assured she will again make the attempt
if he dies, which I honestly believe he will do inside of forty hours

It would be advisable to keep her in ignorance of his condition until we
know exactly what is to be the result; and I shall depend on you and
your wife to do it
”

“I think you will find that rather a difficult task, for the very first
word she uttered after she recovered from the swoon was an inquiry about
Wallingford; and she will be sure to ask about him as soon as she
awakes
”

“We must resort to strategy; and a little deception, under the
circumstances, would be perfectly justifiable--you may tell her that I
say Wallingford is not dangerously hurt; and if the recording angel has
no worse crimes set down against me in the great Day of Judgment, I
shall not fear the result
”

Demar and Lottie watched by Miss Bramlett’s bedside during the night,
while Plaxico, at his own earnest request, was left alone with Harry,
where he sat during the whole night, watching with an anxious eye every
movement of his patient





CHAPTER XLI



Soon after breakfast Miss Bramlett announced her determination to see
Wallingford, and no amount of remonstrance which Doctor Plaxico and
Demar could bring to bear against the step could prevent it


“Lottie, help me down on my knees, and I will pray for strength and
courage to sustain me under this trying ordeal
”

Lottie gladly rendered the assistance requested, and both girls knelt
and prayed in silence for a long time; and when they rose up, an
expression of calmness was visible on the pale, beautiful face of Miss
Bramlett


“Lottie dear, you can trust me now, and I fear you will think me
superstitious when I tell you that our prayers have been answered; he
will not die, and we shall all be happy again
 You may let me see him
now, without any fears as to my actions; if you will let me lean on your
shoulder, I can walk very well
”

The door of Wallingford’s room was thrown open, and a chair placed near
his bed
 As Miss Bramlett was led to it the pallor of her cheeks
increased, but no other signs of emotion were to be seen
 The wounded
man was muttering continually in a rambling way, and every now and then
thrusting his arms out as if striking at an imaginary enemy; and it was
plain to be seen that his mind was still on the combat he had had with
Bowles


“He is exhausting his strength very rapidly,” said Plaxico, “and I have
been as yet unable to quiet him; I believe if I could keep him still
that the internal hemorrhage would cease
”

Just at that moment Harry made a sudden spring, and would have leaped
out of the bed, but Miss Bramlett caught and gently laid him down and
began to rub his brow with her hand, when he instantly became quiet, and
in three minutes was sound asleep


“Did you see that, Demar?” said Plaxico, in a low whisper


“See what?”

“How quick he became quiet when she put her hand on his brow?”

“Yes; I suppose it is mesmerism, magnetism, or something of the sort
”

“If we were to live a thousand years, we might learn something new every
day; this is a most wonderful occurrence
 See, he is sleeping soundly;
the respiration is less labored, and his pulse much better
 Now, I
imagine this strange phenomenon would furnish material for an article in
the _Lancet_, and I think I shall undertake to write it
”

The very instant Miss Bramlett removed her hand from the wounded man’s
brow, he awoke and began to move restlessly from side to side; but she
immediately replaced it and he was again quiet


“Well
” observed Demar, “I must say that this is the strangest
occurrence that I ever saw
 I believe their souls are communing
intelligently with each other, and that, notwithstanding Wallingford’s
reason is dethroned, he is in some way made to know that Miss Bramlett
is near him
”

“I have often read about two souls melting into one,” replied Plaxico,
“but this is the first occular demonstration of the process that has
ever been witnessed by me
 There is more mystery in the anatomy of the
human body than is generally believed to exist, anyway
”

“Yes,” rejoined Demar; “especially does that remark apply to the human
heart
 I speak from experience, to some extent, and I dare say that the
hearts of Miss Bramlett and Wallingford are at this very moment
conversing intelligently with each other
 A sort of telegraph which love
has erected is now conducting sweet messages from one heart to the
other
”

Wallingford continued to slumber undisturbed for four hours, except when
Miss Bramlett would remove her hand from his brow, and then he would
begin to show signs of restlessness, which never failed to disappear as
soon as she would replace it
 The burning fever that had been raging
began to subside, and the hemorrhage ceased, curiously, while all the
symptoms took a favorable turn


“Demar,” whispered Plaxico, after he had held his finger on the
patient’s pulse for a long while; “I think Miss Bramlett’s treatment has
saved our friend’s life; the fact is, she has performed a most wonderful
miracle
”

It was late in the evening when Wallingford opened his eyes and began to
stare in a bewildered way at the beautiful face that hovered near him,
while evidences of restored reason unmistakably appeared in his
movements
 For two or three minutes he gazed earnestly at Miss Bramlett,
then placing his hand on her head, he gently stroked her hair, and then
ran his hand over her face, and then took hold of her arm


“Yes,” he whispered; “it is her, and it was all a dream; and such a
horrible one, too; I thought she was dead, and I dreamed that Bowles had
killed her, and then drowned me in the river
 Why do you not speak to
me, Viola? Am I mistaken in thinking I see you?”

As he uttered the last words, he placed his arm round her neck and drew
her head down until her cheek touched against his


“Come away, Demar,” said Plaxico, as he plucked him by the sleeve; “I
shall shout with joy if I remain here another moment
 That scene is
enough to make the angels weep with delight
”

It was on the morning of the fourth day after Wallingford received his
wounds, that he made his appearance in the saloon supported by Miss
Bramlett and Lottie, each one with a shoulder under his arm, fairly
lifting him along by main strength


Harry Wallingford was lazily reclining in a large cushioned armchair on
the hurricane-deck, listening to Lottie, who was reading Mazeppa to him,
while Miss Bramlett sat near him, gazing vacantly at the rolling waves
that dashed up behind the boat
 A long pause ensued when Lottie laid the
book down and began to fondle her brother’s dark-brown hair


“Viola,” said Harry, “I want you to tell me what induced you to give
your friends in New York the dodge, leaving them to conclude that you
had committed suicide; in fact, I want you to tell me all about
everything connected with your history from the time we parted, until
the present moment
”

“There is but very little to tell, I assure you, and as I have nothing
better to do, and being anxious to amuse you, I suppose I must undertake
the task; but before I begin, you must allow me to express my thanks for
the beautiful monument you caused to be erected over my grave in New
York
 Your generosity in that instance, indeed deserves my profound
gratitude, and it has convinced me that you did really care something
for me


“But let me leave that subject for future discussion while I proceed
with my little history
 When I was, by the dishonesty of the trustees
who had control of my money, reduced to a pauper, I felt that it was my
duty to seek some means of earning an honest living
 That there were
many friends and relatives of mine ready and anxious to offer me a home,
I very well knew, but I could not for a moment bear the idea of being
dependent on relatives for support
 Above all things I abhor anything
like gilded bondage or idle dependence; consequently, I resolved to seek
employment
 I knew very well that this step would be bitterly opposed by
my aristocratic relations, especially if I should dare to seek
employment in New York; therefore, I concluded to give them the slip and
hunt a distant home
 Disguising myself completely, I went to Cincinnati
and had the good fortune to secure a position as governess in the family
of Mr
 Gaterine, the kind-hearted old gentleman who is accompanying me
on this trip


“One evening I was passing along one of the principal streets of
Cincinnati, when I was overwhelmed with astonishment to meet Benjamin
Bowles
 He was disguised, but notwithstanding that I recognized him, and
I knew in an instant, from his manner, that he was aware of the fact
that I had penetrated his deception
 I hurried to the Chief of Police
and imparted the information, hoping to have him arrested; but he must
have immediately fled, as the officers could not find him
 I hired a
detective to look for him, but after working a month nothing was
accomplished
 But when I tell you to whom I am indebted for the
discovery of Bowles’ hiding-place I know you will be greatly astonished

Do you see that little, pale-faced, sickly-looking boy yonder, leaning
over the bannisters?”

“Yes
”

“Very well, it is to that little hero that I owe the great obligation

His name is Robert Spratt, son of a widow woman residing in Memphis; you
doubtless remember him, though he has changed very much in his personal
appearance since he left Memphis
 They used to call him haunch-back Bob,
for his spine was diseased, causing an ugly hump to appear between his
shoulders, and seriously affecting his general health, and as I think,
greatly retarded his growth
 You will notice that he is quite a child in
stature, but I can tell you he has the heart, brain and soul of a man

He is a real gallant hero, and you could not find another such a good
detective anywhere
 He is much older, though, than his little body would
indicate


“I prevailed on him to let me send him to an infirmary at Cincinnati,
where he was effectually cured, for which I paid one thousand dollars;
and as good luck would have it, I met my little protege on the streets
not more than ten minutes after I had met Bowles
 I was delighted to see
that the ugly hump had disappeared and that my little friend was
effectually cured
 I hurriedly gave him a description of Bowles, and
told him in which direction the murderer had gone, requesting him to
follow and try to find him
 I did not see Robert any more, or hear a
word from him for two months, and I concluded that he had returned to
his home in Memphis; but not so, the noble little hero was tracking the
great outlaw


“I cannot command language to describe the surprise as well as joy I
felt when I received a telegram from my little hero, informing me that
Bowles was on his way to Mexico, and would probably stop a few days at
New Orleans, and advising me to come down there as soon as I could
 He
also requested me to inquire for a dispatch that he would send to
Memphis, which would meet me there on my way to New Orleans
 He was at
Friar’s Point, Mississippi, where Bowles had stopped to wait for one of
his pals who had agreed to meet him there


“Mr
 Gaterine kindly consented to go with me to New Orleans, and when I
arrived at Memphis I found the promised telegram, which informed me that
Bowles was still at Friar’s Point
 The ‘White Rose’ being the first boat
that would start for New Orleans, we concluded to take passage on her,
but learning that Lottie and Edward had been married on the day before I
reached Memphis, and that they were going on a bridal tour to the
Crescent City, I at once procured a black domino and mask to wear in
order to keep them from knowing me
 I am sure that I could not have
sufficiently disguised my voice to have enabled me to deceive Lottie,
had it not been for a severe cold, which, although quite painful, I was
glad to endure as long as it would aid me in the accomplishment of my
purpose
 It was my intention to leave the boat at Friar’s Point, but
soon after the ‘White Rose’ landed I was delighted to see my little
detective come aboard
 He informed me that Bowles had just come aboard,
and was going to New Orleans on the ‘White Rose
’ I was overjoyed at
this information
 You doubtless remember that we landed at Friar’s Point
in the night; if I remember correctly, it was about three o’clock in the
morning, and you must know how bitter was my disappointment next
morning, when, after a diligent search, we failed to find Bowles
 I soon
ascertained from inquiries made, that the ‘White Rose’ had not landed
since we left Friar’s Point, which led me to believe that our man was
concealed somewhere on the boat
 My little detective was of the same
opinion, and I knew that if it was as we suspected, that he would soon
discover where the murderer was hidden
 I do not know what it was that
caused Robert to suspect Napoleon, but nevertheless I soon learned from
him that he did suspect him of being the man we were after
 It was some
time before he succeeded in convincing himself that his suspicions were
well founded
 By some means which I did not care to know, he succeeded
in effecting an entrance to the state-room occupied by Napoleon, when,
sure enough, he discovered that it was Bowles
 All the stolen money and
other property was found hidden in an old boot under the bed, and when I
found out that it was stolen property, I instructed my little friend to
bring it to me, which he did
”

“Yes,” exclaimed Wallingford, “and I promise you now, Viola, that your
brave little friend shall never know what it is to want for anything as
long as he lives
”

“Thank you, Harry, a thousand times I thank you,” replied Miss Bramlett,
as fresh tears began to trickle down her cheeks, “but you must let me
finish my story
 Well, my little friend ascertained that Bowles had paid
fifty dollars to the gentleman who originally personated the Emperor
Napoleon, for his uniform and mask, and you must not blame that
gentleman for selling his costume to Bowles, because he did not know he
was aiding a cruel murderer to escape, but he was tired of the nonsense,
as he was pleased to call it, and finding a chance to get his money
back, he at once closed the trade, believing that the purchaser merely
wished to enjoy a little innocent sport by deceiving the ladies
 As soon
as I ascertained the fact that the money, and other valuable things had
been stolen, I resolved to restore them to their owners, but before I
could carry out my intentions in that respect, Captain Quitman
inaugurated his plans to make a search, the result of which you already
know
”

“Yes,” said Harry, “that is all very well explained, but how did the
dead woman happen to have my ring?”

“I think I can explain that also,” replied Miss Bramlett
 “Soon after I
arrived in New York, I engaged a young Irish woman to serve me as
waiting maid, and soon after she entered my service, I began to miss
little articles, which I at first supposed were accidentally lost or
mislaid, but it was not long before I became convinced that they were
stolen
 One of my dresses, a drab silk, mysteriously disappeared, then
my ring, and various other valuable articles were missing, and when I
became convinced that my maid was a thief I discharged her
 It is clear
to my mind that the unfortunate woman was wearing my dress and ring when
she was drowned
”

“Viola
” said Wallingford in a voice choking with deep emotion, “did you
recognize me in my Navarre costume?”

“Yes, indeed I did
”

“How could you remain near me so long without speaking to me? Do you not
know that I would have swum through lakes of fire to have found you?”

Viola’s voice now for the first time refused to obey her will, and she
was unable to make any reply
 Her eyes were bent on the ground, while
the violent throbbings of her heart could be distinctly heard by Lottie,
who sat near her


“Viola,” continued Wallingford, “will you not try to love me a little?”

“No
” she replied in a trembling tone which seemed to be uttered with an
effort


“Why?”

“Because I do not think it would be good for me to love any one more
than I have loved you for the last ten years
”

“Now stop that, Harry,” exclaimed Demar, as he approached the group

“You may embrace Miss Bramlett if you wish, but to have two women in
your arms at once is a little too much
 I think you are very selfish;
you may embrace Miss Bramlett as often as she will allow it, but you
must not be quite so familiar with my wife
”

“Leave me alone with Viola immediately, I beseech you, Ed,” Wallingford
whispered as he placed his mouth close to his ear
 “Pray, go quick and
take Lottie with you
 I think Viola is now in the notion to pardon the
past errors, and I hope and believe she will promise to marry me
”

“Come, Lottie
” said Demar, endeavoring to assume an indifferent tone,
“let us take a little stroll together, as I have a little secret to tell
you
 I suppose Miss Bramlett can take care of your brother while we are
away
”

As soon as Demar and his wife were gone, an embarrassing pause ensued
while Harry and Miss Bramlett silently inspected the floor
 Each one
could distinctly hear the violent throbbings of the other’s heart


“Viola
” Harry said, after a full five minutes had been spent in
silence, “dare I ask you to forgive the great wrong that I have done to
you?”

No answer
 “I know that I do not deserve, nor have I the right to
expect your pardon, yet I am very unhappy in thinking that you must
entertain a very unfavorable opinion of the contemptible part I played
in that unfortunate affair at Memphis
”

“Harry, how could you ask me to forgive you, when you must know that my
heart is overflowing with gratitude to you for the valuable assistance
you rendered in that affair? You must indeed have a poor opinion of me,
if you could for a moment suppose that I could ever forget your noble,
generous exertions in my behalf
 If I were to live a hundred years I
would remember you and your sweet sister with sentiments of the deepest
gratitude
 It is I who should seek forgiveness, and I do here, now, most
sincerely declare that no act that I have ever committed has caused me
half the pain, shame, and mortification that my hateful temper caused me
to feel by inducing me to insult you that day in jail
 If you can forget
and forgive me for that despicable conduct, you are indeed the most
generous, noble-hearted man living
”

“Viola, you and I have had many trials and much trouble, and suffered
much sorrow since we first met, and we have no doubt learned some
valuable lessons, which I have reason to believe will prove a blessing
in the end
 The hand of a kind Providence seems to have guided our
destinies
 He first used me as His instrument in saving your life many
years ago, and then enabled you to save mine, the other day
 Therefore
let us agree to let by-gones be forgotten, while we endeavor to profit
by the sad lessons taught us by experience
”

“I say amen to that with all my heart
”

“Now, darling, knowing as you do the numerous faults and imperfections
that unfortunately belong to my nature, are you willing to trust your
happiness to me? Will you confirm my hopes of happiness by promising to
be mine?”

“Are you willing to marry a pauper?”

“Don’t mention the money question, I implore you
”

“Yes, but I must mention it, because I owe at least ten thousand
dollars, and have no money to pay with
”

“I wish it was five times ten thousand, then I would have the more
pleasure in paying it
”

“Are you willing to take such a pauper, with all her faults and debts
together?”

“I am willing to take the best, the noblest, the prettiest, and the most
charming girl in America, if she is not afraid to trust her fate to my
humble self
”

“Harry, there is my hand, and you have been the sole owner of my heart
ever since we rolled down the embankment together, when you broke your
leg to save my life
 One promise I shall require you to make, and then I
am yours forever
 When you were so badly wounded a few days ago, I most
solemnly promised God that if He would spare your dear life, that I
would love and serve Him all the days of my life, and that I would
endeavor to induce you to do the same
 Now I promise to be your wife, if
you will promise to make good the vow I made to God
”

“I do most willingly make the promise, and may the great Creator help me
to fulfill it
”

“Did you not hear the gong sounding the summons to supper?” shouted
Lottie, as she surprised her brother in the act of embracing Miss
Bramlett
 “Come along, and let us go down to supper; everybody is
anxious to have the table cleared away so the dance can begin
”




CHAPTER XLII



Three years after the “White Rose of Memphis” had accomplished her
memorable pleasure trip, two elegantly dressed ladies were leisurely
strolling along the graveled walks in Court Square, Memphis, Tennessee,
engaged in an earnest conversation; while two mulatto girls were pushing
a couple of silver-mounted baby carriages along just behind the two
ladies
 Each one of the handsome vehicles contained a very small
specimen of sleeping humanity, richly attired in expensive and stylish
clothes


One of the children, a bright, blue-eyed boy, about two years old, with
bright, brown curly hair, woke up, and when he saw a large number of
pretty pet squirrels hopping about near his carriage, he became greatly
excited
 Hurriedly clambering out, he hastened to where the little girl
lay soundly sleeping, and tried to wake her


“Dit up, Ottie,” said he, as he began to tug at her gown; “see petty
pet
”

The little girl did not respond, for she was sleeping very soundly; but
he was determined to make her get up
 When he found that he could not
accomplish his object by gentle means, he resorted to those of a more
vigorous nature
 Seizing her left ear between his finger and thumb, he
gave it a violent twist that caused the little sleeper to start up with
a loud scream


“You, Harry
” exclaimed one of the ladies, as she hurried toward the
carriage; “what on earth have you been doing to Lottie?”

She then lifted the little girl out of the vehicle and placed her on the
ground


The little boy made no answer, but went dashing after one of the
squirrels, and the little girl soon joined in the chase, while their
joyful shouts rang out on the air


“Ah, ha
 here we come,” exclaimed Doctor Dodson, as he came rapidly
across the park, and seizing the little boy he tossed him up and down a
dozen times
 “Ah, ha
 Lottie, this boy is the very image of his mother,
don’t you see? yes, that is Viola’s nose to a T
”

“Where did you leave Harry and Eddie, Doctor?” said Mrs
 Viola
Wallingford


“Ah, ha
 yes; they went by the post office and made me wait for them
here--yonder they come now
 Ah, ha
 Eddie, old boy, it took you a long
time to go to the post office
”

“We were detained at Mr
 Rockland’s office,” replied Demar


“Yes,” said Harry, “that is true, Doctor, and here is a packet of
letters for you; and here, Lottie, is one for you
”

“O
 Viola, this is from Scottie; I know her hand
”

“Read it,” said Viola; “I am anxious to hear what she has to say
”

Lottie tore off the envelope hurriedly, and read as follows:

     “‘JACKSON, MISS
, May 4th


     “‘DEAR LOTTIE--I received your dear letter yesterday, and hasten to
     reply
 I am too happy to write a long letter
 Papa has at last
     become reconciled with Ralleigh, and has given his consent to our
     marriage, which is to be solemnized next Thursday
 Ralleigh is
     such a dear, good old fellow, and I do believe he loves me with all
     his heart
 My dear, good old papa did not like Ralleigh at first,
     but he has gotten over his prejudice, and they are now the best of
     friends
 Ralleigh has quit politics, and is doing well at the law;
     and, oh
 Lottie, how I do love him
 I know we shall be very happy,
     for I have got my temper completely subdued, and I mean to make him
     a good, devoted wife
 Ralleigh told me that your daughter was the
     prettiest little darling in the world
 I am glad you named it
     Lottie, because you know how I adore that sweet name
 Ralleigh says
     that Viola’s boy is the very image of his mother; he also tells me
     that Viola and Harry were the happiest couple he had ever seen,
     except you and Eddie
 Well, I am delighted to hear it
 If ever
     people deserved to be happy you and Viola do; because you have
     suffered more than your share
 I think your husband is one of the
     noblest specimens of humanity I ever saw
 This is saying a great
     deal, but I mean it, and Ralleigh agrees with me


     “‘I must tell you what a pretty joke was put upon me by the Rev
 C

     K
 Marshall, a celebrated minister of Vicksburg
 He had been
     holding a series of meetings here, and was a frequent visitor at
     our house
 He is an eloquent orator, and much admired and beloved
     by all who know him
 My darling old papa is a member of his church,
     and would swim a river any time to hear him preach
 When Mr

     Marshall was about to start to his home in Vicksburg, he invited me
     to accompany him
 “If you will go with me,” he said, “I will insure
     you to hear one of the most eloquent sermons that you ever listened
     to, from a mere boy, who has lately been licensed to preach
” Of
     course I went, as my curiosity was aroused; and Mr
 Marshall took
     me to church the same night we arrived at Vicksburg
 Now, I had
     neglected to ask the name of the boy preacher, so intent was I
     engaged in drawing his picture in my mind
 The church was a very
     large one, and when Mr
 Marshall led me in, the house was crowded,
     but he succeeded in securing me a seat in one corner, some distance
     from the pulpit
 The music was splendid; the choir sang with deep
     feeling
 Then a pause, and I riveted my eyes on the pulpit,
     intently watching for the appearance of this wonderful boy
 After
     gazing until I was tired and impatient, I picked up a hymn book,
     and began to turn the leaves over, when the sweet, solemn tones of
     a familiar voice fell on my ears
 Looking up at the pulpit, there I
     saw Harry Wallingford reading his text
 If a whizzing cannon-ball
     had come crashing through the house I would have been less
     startled
 I had never heard an intimation that Mr
 Wallingford was
     a preacher
 I remembered him as a proud, passionate man of
     ungovernable temper and rather wickedly inclined
 I was shedding
     tears like rain, and it cost me a great struggle to keep from
     shouting aloud
 Now, I mean exactly what I say when I assert that
     it was the most charming, eloquent sermon that I ever heard
 His
     voice fell on my ears like sweet music, a feeling of delicious joy
     stole over me, and I was overcome with happy emotions
 He closed
     his sermon with an invitation to sinners to come forward and seek
     salvation, and I was one among many who accepted the invitation,
     and oh
 my darling friend, I do believe that God, in His great
     mercy, has pardoned my sins
 Mr
 Wallingford delivered five sermons
     here, and the result was one hundred new members to the church


     “‘Mr
 Marshall thinks the world and all of Mr
 Wallingford
 He says
     that Viola is entitled to the credit of making a preacher of her
     husband, for she made him promise to serve God before she married
     him
 Well, how could anybody fail to go to Heaven with such an
     angel to guide as Viola? Do you know that I think she is the best
     woman on the earth, except one? And you know who that is, of
     course
 If you do not, just look into a mirror, and you will see
     the one I allude to


     “I have given my hand and heart to a (so-called) rebel, and I mean
     to show him that a Yankee heart can and will love him; and I wish
     all the people of the North and South loved each other as well as I
     love Ralleigh; what a great and glorious nation would ours be
 Now
     good-by, Lottie dear, until we meet, which will be immediately
     after my marriage
 To visit you will be bridal tour enough for me

     Yours lovingly,

     “‘KATE DARLINGTON
’”

Doctor Dodson died in 1879
 He was one of the heroic victims who
sacrificed his life while battling in the ranks of the noble Howards,
during the yellow fever epidemic


Mrs
 Dodson expired thirty minutes before death won the victory over her
husband
 She died in a room adjoining the one in which the doctor lay,
and they endeavored to conceal her death from him
 His mind was as clear
as a cloudless sky, and when death began to lay his cold, icy finger on
his body, he took hold of Lottie’s hand with his right, and Viola’s with
his left


“Ah, ha
 my darlings, God says I must leave you for a while--yes, I go
on before you, and I shall meet you all again, ah, ha
 don’t you see?
Eddie, my boy, good-by; you are sure to come to Heaven--Lottie would
fetch you, anyway--Viola, she has put Harry on the right road
 You are
all safe, ah, ha
--yes, you are all safe now
”

Then he became quiet for a few moments, and they thought he was dead,
but he began to mutter strange words


“Ah, ha
 here we come, Dolly; wait for me a moment--we will go to Heaven
together, don’t you see, ah, ha
 Dollary, I am coming
 There she is,
Lottie, don’t you see her; she is beckoning for me to come
 Yes,
Dollary, I am coming--ah, ha
 Dolly, here we come--here we come
”

Then the noble soul stepped out and went with Dolly to Heaven


The day that Dodson and his wife died, was to have been their golden
wedding; but God had prepared for them a wedding feast of a different
sort
 They were buried in one grave, over which fragrant flowers bloom
every spring, where friendly tears bedew the soil


If any one should be disposed to think that this world is full of
cold-hearted, selfish people, let him go and investigate the inward
history of the great epidemics of 1878 and 1879, and he will soon see
his great error
 Look at the long list of those heroic physicians who
fell in the fore-front of the battle, fighting to protect suffering
humanity
 Remember the large number of Protestant clergymen and Catholic
priests who walked day after day, in the very jaws of death, comforting
the sick; wrestling with the dreadful foe; and yielding up their lives,
that others might live
 Historians have written, and poets sung, about
Leonidas, and his heroic band; but if I were a poet, I would find a band
of heroes at Memphis, whose brave deeds should be the theme of my song

It is a slander to say that the world is full of selfish men; and any
one who will investigate the history of those awful times, will admit
it


Harry Wallingford purchased a handsome residence, situated in the midst
of a beautiful grove of native poplars, just east of Mr
 Rockland’s, and
not more than two hundred yards from it
 Viola had her flower garden
laid off, so as to adjoin Lottie’s, and they were only separated by a
clean gravel walk
 Those two devoted friends would often seat themselves
on a rustic bench in the garden, spending long hours watching the two
little children as they frolicked like young lambs on the green turf of
the lawn


“Viola,” said Lottie, “I think your boy has a disposition very much like
brother Harry’s used to be
”

“Well, you ought to pity his mother,” replied Viola, “for that boy is
never satisfied unless he is doing something where there is danger of
being hurt
”

“By the by, Viola, yonder comes Harry and Edward; I wonder what brought
them home so early?”

“Ah
 Lottie,” replied Viola, “they wanted to be with us; don’t you think
we have got the best husbands in the world?”

“Indeed, I do; and we ought never to forget our obligations to God for
His goodness to us
”

“I shall never do that as long as life lasts
”

Doctor Demar lifted his pretty little daughter from the ground as she
came running to meet him, and seated her on his shoulder and began to
dance round with her, while Harry began to romp with his boy, who was
galloping about astraddle of a stick which he was lashing with a whip


“Edward,” said Lottie, as she ran her hand under his arm, “how did you
manage to get here so soon? We did not expect you for two hours yet
”

“Because we were both in love with our pretty wives, and wanted to be
with them; and because we knew that our wives were in love with their
ugly old husbands
 Now, darling, I demand toll for coming so early; give
me a kiss
”

“Take it, old Barbarian Chief, and hand Lottie to me
”

Mr
 Rockland, whose hair had grown very white, was sitting on an easy
chair on the front portico, watching the happy group on the green lawn


“I thank God,” he muttered, “because He was so good as to send Lottie
Wallingford to direct my steps toward Heaven, and to be my guardian
angel on earth
”

﻿THE CURIOUS REPUBLIC OF GONDOUR
As soon as I had learned to speak the language a little, I became greatly interested in the people and the system of government


I found that the nation had at first tried universal suffrage pure and simple, but had thrown that form aside because the result was not satisfactory
 It had seemed to deliver all power into the hands of the ignorant and non-tax-paying classes; and of a necessity the responsible offices were filled from these classes also


A remedy was sought
 The people believed they had found it; not in the destruction of universal suffrage, but in the enlargement of it
 It was an odd idea, and ingenious
 You must understand, the constitution gave every man a vote; therefore that vote was a vested right, and could not be taken away
 But the constitution did not say that certain individuals might not be given two votes, or ten
 So an amendatory clause was inserted in a quiet way; a clause which authorised the enlargement of the suffrage in certain cases to be specified by statute
 To offer to "limit" the suffrage might have made instant trouble; the offer to "enlarge" it had a pleasant aspect
 But of course the newspapers soon began to suspect; and then out they came
 It was found, however, that for once--and for the first time in the history of the republic--property, character, and intellect were able to wield a political influence; for once, money, virtue, and intelligence took a vital and a united interest in a political question; for once these powers went to the "primaries" in strong force; for once the best men in the nation were put forward as candidates for that parliament whose business it should be to enlarge the suffrage
 The weightiest half of the press quickly joined forces with the new movement, and left the other half to rail about the proposed "destruction of the liberties" of the bottom layer of society, the hitherto governing class of the community


The victory was complete
 The new law was framed and passed
 Under it every citizen, howsoever poor or ignorant, possessed one vote, so universal suffrage still reigned; but if a man possessed a good common-school education and no money, he had two votes; a high-school education gave him four; if he had property likewise, to the value of three thousand 'sacos,' he wielded one more vote; for every fifty thousand 'sacos' a man added to his property, he was entitled to another vote; a university education entitled a man to nine votes, even though he owned no property
 Therefore, learning being more prevalent and more easily acquired than riches, educated men became a wholesome check upon wealthy men, since they could outvote them
 Learning goes usually with uprightness, broad views, and humanity; so the learned voters, possessing the balance of power, became the vigilant and efficient protectors of the great lower rank of society


And now a curious thing developed itself--a sort of emulation, whose object was voting power
 Whereas formerly a man was honored only according to the amount of money he possessed, his grandeur was measured now by the number of votes he wielded
 A man with only one vote was conspicuously respectful to his neighbor who possessed three
 And if he was a man above the common-place, he was as conspicuously energetic in his determination to acquire three for himself
 This spirit of emulation invaded all ranks
 Votes based upon capital were commonly called "mortal" votes, because they could be lost; those based upon learning were called "immortal," because they were permanent, and because of their customarily imperishable character they were naturally more valued than the other sort
 I say "customarily" for the reason that these votes were not absolutely imperishable, since insanity could suspend them


Under this system, gambling and speculation almost ceased in the republic
 A man honoured as the possessor of great voting power could not afford to risk the loss of it upon a doubtful chance


It was curious to observe the manners and customs which the enlargement plan produced
 Walking the street with a friend one day he delivered a careless bow to a passer-by, and then remarked that that person possessed only one vote and would probably never earn another; he was more respectful to the next acquaintance he met; he explained that this salute was a four-vote bow
 I tried to "average" the importance of the people he accosted after that, by the nature of his bows, but my success was only partial, because of the somewhat greater homage paid to the immortals than to the mortals
 My friend explained
 He said there was no law to regulate this thing, except that most powerful of all laws, custom
 Custom had created these varying bows, and in time they had become easy and natural
 At this moment he delivered himself of a very profound salute, and then said, "Now there's a man who began life as a shoemaker's apprentice, and without education; now he swings twenty-two mortal votes and two immortal ones; he expects to pass a high-school examination this year and climb a couple of votes higher among the immortals; mighty valuable citizen
"

By and by my friend met a venerable personage, and not only made him a most elaborate bow, but also took off his hat
 I took off mine, too, with a mysterious awe
 I was beginning to be infected


"What grandee is that?"

"That is our most illustrious astronomer
 He hasn't any money, but is fearfully learned
 Nine immortals is his political weight
 He would swing a hundred and fifty votes if our system were perfect
"

"Is there any altitude of mere moneyed grandeur that you take off your hat to?"

"No
 Nine immortal votes is the only power we uncover for--that is, in civil life
 Very great officials receive that mark of homage, of course
"

It was common to hear people admiringly mention men who had begun life on the lower levels and in time achieved great voting-power
 It was also common to hear youths planning a future of ever so many votes for themselves
 I heard shrewd mammas speak of certain young men as good "catches" because they possessed such-and-such a number of votes
 I knew of more than one case where an heiress was married to a youngster who had but one vote; the argument being that he was gifted with such excellent parts that in time he would acquire a good voting strength, and perhaps in the long run be able to outvote his wife, if he had luck


Competitive examinations were the rule and in all official grades
 I remarked that the questions asked the candidates were wild, intricate, and often required a sort of knowledge not needed in the office sought


"Can a fool or an ignoramus answer them?" asked the person I was talking with


"Certainly not
"

"Well, you will not find any fools or ignoramuses among our officials
"

I felt rather cornered, but made shift to say:--

"But these questions cover a good deal more ground than is necessary
"

"No matter; if candidates can answer these it is tolerably fair evidence that they can answer nearly any other question you choose to ask them
"

There were some things in Gondour which one could not shut his eyes to
 One was, that ignorance and incompetence had no place in the government
 Brains and property managed the state
 A candidate for office must have marked ability, education, and high character, or he stood no sort of chance of election
 If a hod-carrier possessed these, he could succeed; but the mere fact that he was a hod-carrier could not elect him, as in previous times


It was now a very great honour to be in the parliament or in office; under the old system such distinction had only brought suspicion upon a man and made him a helpless mark for newspaper contempt and scurrility
 Officials did not need to steal now, their salaries being vast in comparison with the pittances paid in the days when parliaments were created by hod-carriers, who viewed official salaries from a hod-carrying point of view and compelled that view to be respected by their obsequious servants
 Justice was wisely and rigidly administered; for a judge, after once reaching his place through the specified line of promotions, was a permanency during good behaviour
 He was not obliged to modify his judgments according to the effect they might have upon the temper of a reigning political party


The country was mainly governed by a ministry which went out with the administration that created it
 This was also the case with the chiefs of the great departments
 Minor officials ascended to their several positions through well-earned promotions, and not by a jump from gin-mills or the needy families and friends of members of parliament
 Good behaviour measured their terms of office


The head of the government, the Grand Caliph, was elected for a term of twenty years
 I questioned the wisdom of this
 I was answered that he could do no harm, since the ministry and the parliament governed the land, and he was liable to impeachment for misconduct
 This great office had twice been ably filled by women, women as aptly fitted for it as some of the sceptred queens of history
 Members of the cabinet, under many administrations, had been women


I found that the pardoning power was lodged in a court of pardons, consisting of several great judges
 Under the old regime, this important power was vested in a single official, and he usually took care to have a general jail delivery in time for the next election


I inquired about public schools
 There were plenty of them, and of free colleges too
 I inquired about compulsory education
 This was received with a smile, and the remark:--

"When a man's child is able to make himself powerful and honoured according to the amount of education he acquires, don't you suppose that that parent will apply the compulsion himself? Our free schools and free colleges require no law to fill them
"

There was a loving pride of country about this person's way of speaking which annoyed me
 I had long been unused to the sound of it in my own
 The Gondour national airs were forever dinning in my ears; therefore I was glad to leave that country and come back to my dear native land, where one never hears that sort of music






A MEMORY

When I say that I never knew my austere father to be enamoured of but one poem in all the long half century that he lived, persons who knew him will easily believe me; when I say that I have never composed but one poem in all the long third of a century that I have lived, persons who know me will be sincerely grateful; and finally, when I say that the poem which I composed was not the one which my father was enamoured of, persons who may have known us both will not need to have this truth shot into them with a mountain howitzer before they can receive it
 My father and I were always on the most distant terms when I was a boy--a sort of armed neutrality so to speak
 At irregular intervals this neutrality was broken, and suffering ensued; but I will be candid enough to say that the breaking and the suffering were always divided up with strict impartiality between us--which is to say, my father did the breaking, and I did the suffering
 As a general thing I was a backward, cautious, unadventurous boy; but I once jumped off a two-story table; another time I gave an elephant a "plug" of tobacco and retired without waiting for an answer; and still another time I pretended to be talking in my sleep, and got off a portion of a very wretched original conundrum in the hearing of my father
 Let us not pry into the result; it was of no consequence to any one but me


But the poem I have referred to as attracting my father's attention and achieving his favour was "Hiawatha
" Some man who courted a sudden and awful death presented him an early copy, and I never lost faith in my own senses until I saw him sit down and go to reading it in cold blood--saw him open the book, and heard him read these following lines, with the same inflectionless judicial frigidity with which he always read his charge to the jury, or administered an oath to a witness:


                   "Take your bow,
                    O Hiawatha,
                    Take your arrows, jasper-headed,
                    Take your war-club, Puggawaugun,
                    And your mittens, Minjekahwan,
                    And your birch canoe for sailing,
                    And the oil of Mishe-Nama
"

Presently my father took out of his breast pocket an imposing "Warranty Deed," and fixed his eyes upon it and dropped into meditation
 I knew what it was
 A Texan lady and gentleman had given my half-brother, Orrin Johnson, a handsome property in a town in the North, in gratitude to him for having saved their lives by an act of brilliant heroism


By and by my father looked towards me and sighed
 Then he said:

"If I had such a son as this poet, here were a subject worthier than the traditions of these Indians
"

"If you please, sir, where?"

"In this deed
"

"Yes--in this very deed," said my father, throwing it on the table
 "There is more poetry, more romance, more sublimity, more splendid imagery hidden away in that homely document than could be found in all the traditions of all the savages that live
"

"Indeed, sir? Could I--could I get it out, sir? Could I compose the poem, sir, do you think?"

"You?"

I wilted


Presently my father's face softened somewhat, and he said:

"Go and try
 But mind, curb folly
 No poetry at the expense of truth
 Keep strictly to the facts
"

I said I would, and bowed myself out, and went upstairs


"Hiawatha" kept droning in my head--and so did my father's remarks about the sublimity and romance hidden in my subject, and also his injunction to beware of wasteful and exuberant fancy
 I noticed, just here, that I had heedlessly brought the deed away with me; now at this moment came to me one of those rare moods of daring recklessness, such as I referred to a while ago
 Without another thought, and in plain defiance of the fact that I knew my father meant me to write the romantic story of my half-brother's adventure and subsequent good fortune, I ventured to heed merely the letter of his remarks and ignore their spirit
 I took the stupid "Warranty Deed" itself and chopped it up into Hiawathian blank verse without altering or leaving out three words, and without transposing six
 It required loads of courage to go downstairs and face my father with my performance
 I started three or four times before I finally got my pluck to where it would stick
 But at last I said I would go down and read it to him if he threw me over the church for it
 I stood up to begin, and he told me to come closer
 I edged up a little, but still left as much neutral ground between us as I thought he would stand
 Then I began
 It would be useless for me to try to tell what conflicting emotions expressed themselves upon his face, nor how they grew more and more intense, as I proceeded; nor how a fell darkness descended upon his countenance, and he began to gag and swallow, and his hands began to work and twitch, as I reeled off line after line, with the strength ebbing out of me, and my legs trembling under me:


                    THE STORY OF A GALLANT DEED

                    THIS INDENTURE, made the tenth
                    Day of November, in the year
                    Of our Lord one thousand eight
                    Hundred six-and-fifty,

                    Between Joanna S
 E
 Gray
                    And Philip Gray, her husband,
                    Of Salem City in the State
                    Of Texas, of the first part,

                    And O
 B
 Johnson, of the town
                    Of Austin, ditto, WITNESSETH:
                    That said party of first part,
                    For and in consideration

                    Of the sum of Twenty Thousand
                    Dollars, lawful money of
                    The U
 S
  of Americay,
                    To them in hand now paid by said

                    Party of the second part,
                    The due receipt whereof is here--
                    By confessed and acknowledged
                    Having Granted, Bargained, Sold, Remised,

                    Released and Aliened and Conveyed,
                    Confirmed, and by these presents do
                    Grant and Bargain, Sell, Remise,
                    Alien, Release, Convey, and Con--

                    Firm unto the said aforesaid
                    Party of the second part,
                    And to his heirs and assigns
                    Forever and ever ALL

                    That certain lot or parcel of
                    LAND situate in city of
                    Dunkirk, County of Chautauqua,
                    And likewise furthermore in York State

                    Bounded and described, to-wit,
                    As follows, herein, namely
                    BEGINNING at the distance of
                    A hundred two-and-forty feet,

                    North-half-east, north-east-by north,
                    East-north-east and northerly
                    Of the northerly line of Mulligan street
                    On the westerly line of Brannigan street,

                    And running thence due northerly
                    On Brannigan street 200 feet,
                    Thence at right angles westerly,
                    North-west-by-west-and-west-half-west,

                    West-and-by-north, north-west-by-west,
                    About--

I kind of dodged, and the boot-jack broke the looking-glass
 I could have waited to see what became of the other missiles if I had wanted to, but I took no interest in such things






INTRODUCTORY TO "MEMORANDA"

In taking upon myself the burden of editing a department in THE GALAXY magazine, I have been actuated by a conviction that I was needed, almost imperatively, in this particular field of literature
 I have long felt that while the magazine literature of the day had much to recommend it, it yet lacked stability, solidity, weight
 It seemed plain to me that too much space was given to poetry and romance, and not enough to statistics and agriculture
 This defect it shall be my earnest endeavour to remedy
 If I succeed, the simple consciousness that I have done a good deed will be a sufficient reward
**--[**Together with salary
]

In this department of mine the public may always rely upon finding exhaustive statistical tables concerning the finances of the country, the ratio of births and deaths; the percentage of increase of population, etc
, etc
--in a word, everything in the realm of statistics that can make existence bright and beautiful


Also, in my department will always be found elaborate condensations of the Patent Office Reports, wherein a faithful endeavour will at all times be made to strip the nutritious facts bare of that effulgence of imagination and sublimity of diction which too often mar the excellence of those great works
**


     [** N
 B
--No other magazine in the country makes a
     specialty of the Patent Office Reports
]

In my department will always be found ample excerpts from those able dissertations upon Political Economy which I have for a long time been contributing to a great metropolitan journal, and which, for reasons utterly incomprehensible to me, another party has chosen to usurp the credit of composing


And, finally, I call attention with pride to the fact that in my department of the magazine the farmer will always find full market reports, and also complete instructions about farming, even from the grafting of the seed to the harrowing of the matured crop
 I shall throw a pathos into the subject of Agriculture that will surprise and delight the world


Such is my programme; and I am persuaded that by adhering to it with fidelity I shall succeed in materially changing the character of this magazine
 Therefore I am emboldened to ask the assistance and encouragement of all whose sympathies are with Progress and Reform


In the other departments of the magazine will be found poetry, tales, and other frothy trifles, and to these the reader can turn for relaxation from time to time, and thus guard against overstraining the powers of his mind
 M
 T


P
 S
--1
 I have not sold out of the "Buffalo Express," and shall not; neither shall I stop writing for it
 This remark seems necessary in a business point of view


2
 These MEMORANDA are not a "humorous" department
 I would not conduct an exclusively and professedly humorous department for any one
 I would always prefer to have the privilege of printing a serious and sensible remark, in case one occurred to me, without the reader's feeling obliged to consider himself outraged
 We cannot keep the same mood day after day
 I am liable, some day, to want to print my opinion on jurisprudence, or Homeric poetry, or international law, and I shall do it
 It will be of small consequence to me whether the reader survive or not
 I shall never go straining after jokes when in a cheerless mood, so long as the unhackneyed subject of international law is open to me
 I will leave all that straining to people who edit professedly and inexorably "humorous" departments and publications


3
 I have chosen the general title of MEMORANDA for this department because it is plain and simple, and makes no fraudulent promises
 I can print under it statistics, hotel arrivals, or anything that comes handy, without violating faith with the reader


4
 Puns cannot be allowed a place in this department
 Inoffensive ignorance, benignant stupidity, and unostentatious imbecility will always be welcomed and cheerfully accorded a corner, and even the feeblest humour will be admitted, when we can do no better; but no circumstances, however dismal, will ever be considered a sufficient excuse for the admission of that last--and saddest evidence of intellectual poverty, the Pun






ABOUT SMELLS

In a recent issue of the "Independent," the Rev
 T
 De Witt Talmage, of Brooklyn, has the following utterance on the subject of "Smells":


     I have a good Christian friend who, if he sat in the front pew in
     church, and a working man should enter the door at the other end,
     would smell him instantly
  My friend is not to blame for the
     sensitiveness of his nose, any more than you would flog a pointer
     for being keener on the scent than a stupid watch dog
  The fact is,
     if you had all the churches free, by reason of the mixing up of the
     common people with the uncommon, you would keep one-half of
     Christendom sick at their stomach
  If you are going to kill the
     church thus with bad smells, I will have nothing to do with this
     work of evangelization


We have reason to believe that there will be labouring men in heaven; and also a number of negroes, and Esquimaux, and Terra del Fuegans, and Arabs, and a few Indians, and possibly even some Spaniards and Portuguese
 All things are possible with God
 We shall have all these sorts of people in heaven; but, alas
 in getting them we shall lose the society of Dr
 Talmage
 Which is to say, we shall lose the company of one who could give more real "tone" to celestial society than any other contribution Brooklyn could furnish
 And what would eternal happiness be without the Doctor? Blissful, unquestionably--we know that well enough--but would it be 'distingue,' would it be 'recherche' without him? St
 Matthew without stockings or sandals; St
 Jerome bare headed, and with a coarse brown blanket robe dragging the ground; St
 Sebastian with scarcely any raiment at all--these we should see, and should enjoy seeing them; but would we not miss a spike-tailed coat and kids, and turn away regretfully, and say to parties from the Orient: "These are well enough, but you ought to see Talmage of Brooklyn
" I fear me that in the better world we shall not even have Dr
 Talmage's "good Christian friend
"

For if he were sitting under the glory of the Throne, and the keeper of the keys admitted a Benjamin Franklin or other labouring man, that "friend," with his fine natural powers infinitely augmented by emancipation from hampering flesh, would detect him with a single sniff, and immediately take his hat and ask to be excused


To all outward seeming, the Rev
 T
 De Witt Talmage is of the same material as that used in the construction of his early predecessors in the ministry; and yet one feels that there must be a difference somewhere between him and the Saviour's first disciples
 It may be because here, in the nineteenth century, Dr
 T
 has had advantages which Paul and Peter and the others could not and did not have
 There was a lack of polish about them, and a looseness of etiquette, and a want of exclusiveness, which one cannot help noticing
 They healed the very beggars, and held intercourse with people of a villainous odour every day
 If the subject of these remarks had been chosen among the original Twelve Apostles, he would not have associated with the rest, because he could not have stood the fishy smell of some of his comrades who came from around the Sea of Galilee
 He would have resigned his commission with some such remark as he makes in the extract quoted above: "Master, if thou art going to kill the church thus with bad smells, I will have nothing to do with this work of evangelization
" He is a disciple, and makes that remark to the Master; the only difference is, that he makes it in the nineteenth instead of the first century


Is there a choir in Mr
 T
's church? And does it ever occur that they have no better manners than to sing that hymn which is so suggestive of labourers and mechanics:


          "Son of the Carpenter
 receive
          This humble work of mine?"

Now, can it be possible that in a handful of centuries the Christian character has fallen away from an imposing heroism that scorned even the stake, the cross, and the axe, to a poor little effeminacy that withers and wilts under an unsavoury smell? We are not prepared to believe so, the reverend Doctor and his friend to the contrary notwithstanding






A COUPLE OF SAD EXPERIENCES

When I published a squib recently in which I said I was going to edit an Agricultural Department in this magazine, I certainly did not desire to deceive anybody
 I had not the remotest desire to play upon any one's confidence with a practical joke, for he is a pitiful creature indeed who will degrade the dignity of his humanity to the contriving of the witless inventions that go by that name
 I purposely wrote the thing as absurdly and as extravagantly as it could be written, in order to be sure and not mislead hurried or heedless readers: for I spoke of launching a triumphal barge upon a desert, and planting a tree of prosperity in a mine--a tree whose fragrance should slake the thirst of the naked, and whose branches should spread abroad till they washed the chorea of, etc
, etc
 I thought that manifest lunacy like that would protect the reader
 But to make assurance absolute, and show that I did not and could not seriously mean to attempt an Agricultural Department, I stated distinctly in my postscript that I did not know anything about Agriculture
 But alas
 right there is where I made my worst mistake--for that remark seems to have recommended my proposed Agriculture more than anything else
 It lets a little light in on me, and I fancy I perceive that the farmers feel a little bored, sometimes, by the oracular profundity of agricultural editors who "know it all
" In fact, one of my correspondents suggests this (for that unhappy squib has deluged me with letters about potatoes, and cabbages, and hominy, and vermicelli, and maccaroni, and all the other fruits, cereals, and vegetables that ever grew on earth; and if I get done answering questions about the best way of raising these things before I go raving crazy, I shall be thankful, and shall never write obscurely for fun any more)


Shall I tell the real reason why I have unintentionally succeeded in fooling so many people? It is because some of them only read a little of the squib I wrote and jumped to the conclusion that it was serious, and the rest did not read it at all, but heard of my agricultural venture at second-hand
 Those cases I could not guard against, of course
 To write a burlesque so wild that its pretended facts will not be accepted in perfect good faith by somebody, is very nearly an impossible thing to do
 It is because, in some instances, the reader is a person who never tries to deceive anybody himself, and therefore is not expecting any one to wantonly practise a deception upon him; and in this case the only person dishonoured is the man who wrote the burlesque
 In other instances the "nub" or moral of the burlesque--if its object be to enforce a truth--escapes notice in the superior glare of something in the body of the burlesque itself
 And very often this "moral" is tagged on at the bottom, and the reader, not knowing that it is the key of the whole thing and the only important paragraph in the article, tranquilly turns up his nose at it and leaves it unread
 One can deliver a satire with telling force through the insidious medium of a travesty, if he is careful not to overwhelm the satire with the extraneous interest of the travesty, and so bury it from the reader's sight and leave him a joked and defrauded victim, when the honest intent was to add to either his knowledge or his wisdom
 I have had a deal of experience in burlesques and their unfortunate aptness to deceive the public, and this is why I tried hard to make that agricultural one so broad and so perfectly palpable that even a one-eyed potato could see it; and yet, as I speak the solemn truth, it fooled one of the ablest agricultural editors in America






DAN MURPHY

One of the saddest things that ever came under my notice (said the banker's clerk) was there in Corning, during the war
 Dan Murphy enlisted as a private, and fought very bravely
 The boys all liked him, and when a wound by and by weakened him down till carrying a musket was too heavy work for him, they clubbed together and fixed him up as a sutler
 He made money then, and sent it always to his wife to bank for him
 She was a washer and ironer, and knew enough by hard experience to keep money when she got it
 She didn't waste a penny
 On the contrary, she began to get miserly as her bank account grew
 She grieved to part with a cent, poor creature, for twice in her hard-working life she had known what it was to be hungry, cold, friendless, sick, and without a dollar in the world, and she had a haunting dread of suffering so again
 Well, at last Dan died; and the boys, in testimony of their esteem and respect for him, telegraphed to Mrs
 Murphy to know if she would like to have him embalmed and sent home, when you know the usual custom was to dump a poor devil like him into a shallow hole, and then inform his friends what had become of him
 Mrs
 Murphy jumped to the conclusion that it would only cost two or three dollars to embalm her dead husband, and so she telegraphed "Yes
" It was at the "wake" that the bill for embalming arrived and was presented to the widow
 She uttered a wild, sad wail, that pierced every heart, and said: "Sivinty-foive dollars for stoofhn' Dan, blister their sowls
 Did thim divils suppose I was goin' to stairt a Museim, that I'd be dalin' in such expinsive curiassities
"

The banker's clerk said there was not a dry eye in the house






THE "TOURNAMENT" IN A
 D
 1870

Lately there appeared an item to this effect, and the same went the customary universal round of the press:


     A telegraph station has just been established upon the traditional
     site of the Garden of Eden


 As a companion to that, nothing fits so aptly and so perfectly as this:


     Brooklyn has revived the knightly tournament of the Middle Ages


It is hard to tell which is the most startling, the idea of that highest achievement of human genius and intelligence, the telegraph, prating away about the practical concerns of the world's daily life in the heart and home of ancient indolence, ignorance, and savagery, or the idea of that happiest expression of the brag, vanity, and mock-heroics of our ancestors, the "tournament," coming out of its grave to flaunt its tinsel trumpery and perform its "chivalrous" absurdities in the high noon of the nineteenth century, and under the patronage of a great, broad-awake city and an advanced civilisation


A "tournament" in Lynchburg is a thing easily within the comprehension of the average mind; but no commonly gifted person can conceive of such a spectacle in Brooklyn without straining his powers
 Brooklyn is part and parcel of the city of New York, and there is hardly romance enough in the entire metropolis to re-supply a Virginia "knight" with "chivalry," in case he happened to run out of it
 Let the reader calmly and dispassionately picture to himself "lists"--in Brooklyn; heralds, pursuivants, pages, garter king-at-arms--in Brooklyn; the marshalling of the fantastic hosts of "chivalry" in slashed doublets, velvet trunks, ruffles, and plumes--in Brooklyn; mounted on omnibus and livery-stable patriarchs, promoted, and referred to in cold blood as "steeds," "destriers," and "chargers," and divested of their friendly, humble names--these meek old "Jims" and "Bobs" and "Charleys," and renamed "Mohammed," "Bucephalus," and "Saladin"--in Brooklyn; mounted thus, and armed with swords and shields and wooden lances, and cased in paste board hauberks, morions, greaves, and gauntlets, and addressed as "Sir" Smith, and "Sir" Jones, and bearing such titled grandeurs as "The Disinherited Knight," the "Knight of Shenandoah," the "Knight of the Blue Ridge," the "Knight of Maryland," and the "Knight of the Secret Sorrow"--in Brooklyn; and at the toot of the horn charging fiercely upon a helpless ring hung on a post, and prodding at it intrepidly with their wooden sticks, and by and by skewering it and cavorting back to the judges' stand covered with glory--this in Brooklyn; and each noble success like this duly and promptly announced by an applauding toot from the herald's horn, and "the band playing three bars of an old circus tune"--all in Brooklyn, in broad daylight
 And let the reader remember, and also add to his picture, as follows, to wit: when the show was all over, the party who had shed the most blood and overturned and hacked to pieces the most knights, or at least had prodded the most muffin-rings, was accorded the ancient privilege of naming and crowning the Queen of Love and Beauty--which naming had in reality been done for him by the "cut-and-dried" process, and long in advance, by a committee of ladies, but the crowning he did in person, though suffering from loss of blood, and then was taken to the county hospital on a shutter to have his wounds dressed--these curious things all occurring in Brooklyn, and no longer ago than one or two yesterdays
 It seems impossible, and yet it is true


This was doubtless the first appearance of the "tournament" up here among the rolling-mills and factories, and will probably be the last
 It will be well to let it retire permanently to the rural districts of Virginia, where, it is said, the fine mailed and plumed, noble-natured, maiden-rescuing, wrong-redressing, adventure-seeking knight of romance is accepted and believed in by the peasantry with pleasing simplicity, while they reject with scorn the plain, unpolished verdict whereby history exposes him as a braggart, a ruffian, a fantastic vagabond; and an ignoramus


All romance aside, what shape would our admiration of the heroes of Ashby de la Zouch be likely to take, in this practical age, if those worthies were to rise up and come here and perform again the chivalrous deeds of that famous passage of arms? Nothing but a New York jury and the insanity plea could save them from hanging, from the amiable Bois-Guilbert and the pleasant Front-de-Boeuf clear down to the nameless ruffians that entered the riot with unpictured shields and did their first murder and acquired their first claim to respect that day
 The doings of the so-called "chivalry" of the Middle Ages were absurd enough, even when they were brutally and bloodily in earnest, and when their surroundings of castles and donjons, savage landscapes and half-savage peoples, were in keeping; but those doings gravely reproduced with tinsel decorations and mock pageantry, by bucolic gentlemen with broomstick lances, and with muffin-rings to represent the foe, and all in the midst of the refinement and dignity of a carefully-developed modern civilisation, is absurdity gone crazy


Now, for next exhibition, let us have a fine representation of one of those chivalrous wholesale butcheries and burnings of Jewish women and children, which the crusading heroes of romance used to indulge in in their European homes, just before starting to the Holy Land, to seize and take to their protection the Sepulchre and defend it from "pollution
"





CURIOUS RELIC FOR SALE


     "For sale, for the benefit of the Fund for the Relief of the Widows
     and Orphans of Deceased Firemen, a Curious Ancient Bedouin Pipe,
     procured at the city of Endor in Palestine, and believed to have
     once belonged to the justly-renowned Witch of Endor
  Parties
     desiring to examine this singular relic with a view to purchasing,
     can do so by calling upon Daniel S
, 119 and 121 William street, New
     York"

As per advertisement in the "Herald
" A curious old relic indeed, as I had a good personal right to know
 In a single instant of time, a long drawn panorama of sights and scenes in the Holy Land flashed through my memory--town and grove, desert, camp, and caravan clattering after each other and disappearing, leaving me with a little of the surprised and dizzy feeling which I have experienced at sundry times when a long express train has overtaken me at some quiet curve and gone whizzing, car by car, around the corner and out of sight
 In that prolific instant I saw again all the country from the Sea of Galilee and Nazareth clear to Jerusalem, and thence over the hills of Judea and through the Vale of Sharon to Joppa, down by the ocean
 Leaving out unimportant stretches of country and details of incident, I saw and experienced the following described matters and things
 Immediately three years fell away from my age, and a vanished time was restored to me--September, 1867
 It was a flaming Oriental day--this one that had come up out of the past and brought along its actors, its stage-properties, and scenic effects--and our party had just ridden through the squalid hive of human vermin which still holds the ancient Biblical name of Endor; I was bringing up the rear on my grave four-dollar steed, who was about beginning to compose himself for his usual noon nap
 My
 only fifteen minutes before how the black, mangy, nine-tenths naked, ten-tenths filthy, ignorant, bigoted, besotted, hungry, lazy, malignant, screeching, crowding, struggling, wailing, begging, cursing, hateful spawn of the original Witch had swarmed out of the caves in the rocks and the holes and crevices in the earth, and blocked our horses' way, besieged us, threw themselves in the animals' path, clung to their manes, saddle-furniture, and tails, asking, beseeching, demanding "bucksheesh
 bucksheesh
 BUCKSHEESH
" We had rained small copper Turkish coins among them, as fugitives fling coats and hats to pursuing wolves, and then had spurred our way through as they stopped to scramble for the largess
 I was fervently thankful when we had gotten well up on the desolate hillside and outstripped them and left them jawing and gesticulating in the rear
 What a tempest had seemingly gone roaring and crashing by me and left its dull thunders pulsing in my ears


I was in the rear, as I was saying
 Our pack-mules and Arabs were far ahead, and Dan, Jack, Moult, Davis, Denny, Church, and Birch (these names will do as well as any to represent the boys) were following close after them
 As my horse nodded to rest, I heard a sort of panting behind me, and turned and saw that a tawny youth from the village had overtaken me--a true remnant and representative of his ancestress the Witch--a galvanised scurvy, wrought into the human shape and garnished with ophthalmia and leprous scars--an airy creature with an invisible shirt-front that reached below the pit of his stomach, and no other clothing to speak of except a tobacco-pouch, an ammunition-pocket, and a venerable gun, which was long enough to club any game with that came within shooting distance, but far from efficient as an article of dress


I thought to myself, "Now this disease with a human heart in it is going to shoot me
" I smiled in derision at the idea of a Bedouin daring to touch off his great-grandfather's rusty gun and getting his head blown off for his pains
 But then it occurred to me, in simple school-boy language, "Suppose he should take deliberate aim and 'haul off' and fetch me with the butt-end of it?" There was wisdom in that view of it, and I stopped to parley
 I found he was only a friendly villain who wanted a trifle of bucksheesh, and after begging what he could get in that way, was perfectly willing to trade off everything he had for more
 I believe he would have parted with his last shirt for bucksheesh if he had had one
 He was smoking the "humbliest" pipe I ever saw--a dingy, funnel-shaped, red-clay thing, streaked and grimed with oil and tears of tobacco, and with all the different kinds of dirt there are, and thirty per cent
 of them peculiar and indigenous to Endor and perdition
 And rank? I never smelt anything like it
 It withered a cactus that stood lifting its prickly hands aloft beside the trail
 It even woke up my horse
 I said I would take that
 It cost me a franc, a Russian kopek, a brass button, and a slate pencil; and my spendthrift lavishness so won upon the son of the desert that he passed over his pouch of most unspeakably villainous tobacco to me as a free gift
 What a pipe it was, to be sure
 It had a rude brass-wire cover to it, and a little coarse iron chain suspended from the bowl, with an iron splinter attached to loosen up the tobacco and pick your teeth with
 The stem looked like the half of a slender walking-stick with the bark on


I felt that this pipe had belonged to the original Witch of Endor as soon as I saw it; and as soon as I smelt it, I knew it
 Moreover, I asked the Arab cub in good English if it was not so, and he answered in good Arabic that it was
 I woke up my horse and went my way, smoking
 And presently I said to myself reflectively, "If there is anything that could make a man deliberately assault a dying cripple, I reckon may be an unexpected whiff from this pipe would do it
" I smoked along till I found I was beginning to lie, and project murder, and steal my own things out of one pocket and hide them in another; and then I put up my treasure, took off my spurs and put them under my horse's tail, and shortly came tearing through our caravan like a hurricane


From that time forward, going to Jerusalem, the Dead Sea, and the Jordan, Bethany, Bethlehem, and everywhere, I loafed contentedly in the rear and enjoyed my infamous pipe and revelled in imaginary villany
 But at the end of two weeks we turned our faces toward the sea and journeyed over the Judean hills, and through rocky defiles, and among the scenes that Samson knew in his youth, and by and by we touched level ground just at night, and trotted off cheerily over the plain of Sharon
 It was perfectly jolly for three hours, and we whites crowded along together, close after the chief Arab muleteer (all the pack-animals and the other Arabs were miles in the rear), and we laughed, and chatted, and argued hotly about Samson, and whether suicide was a sin or not, since Paul speaks of Samson distinctly as being saved and in heaven
 But by and by the night air, and the duskiness, and the weariness of eight hours in the saddle, began to tell, and conversation flagged and finally died out utterly
 The squeak-squeaking of the saddles grew very distinct; occasionally somebody sighed, or started to hum a tune and gave it up; now and then a horse sneezed
 These things only emphasised the solemnity and the stillness
 Everybody got so listless that for once I and my dreamer found ourselves in the lead
 It was a glad, new sensation, and I longed to keep the place forevermore
 Every little stir in the dingy cavalcade behind made me nervous
 Davis and I were riding side by side, right after the Arab
 About 11 o'clock it had become really chilly, and the dozing boys roused up and began to inquire how far it was to Ramlah yet, and to demand that the Arab hurry along faster
 I gave it up then, and my heart sank within me, because of course they would come up to scold the Arab
 I knew I had to take the rear again
 In my sorrow I unconsciously took to my pipe, my only comfort
 As I touched the match to it the whole company came lumbering up and crowding my horse's rump and flanks
 A whiff of smoke drifted back over my shoulder, and--

"The suffering Moses
"

"Whew
"

"By George, who opened that graveyard?"

"Boys, that Arab's been swallowing something dead
"

Right away there was a gap behind us
 Whiff after whiff sailed airily back, and each one widened the breach
 Within fifteen seconds the barking, and gasping, and sneezing, and coughing of the boys, and their angry abuse of the Arab guide, had dwindled to a murmur, and Davis and I were alone with the leader
 Davis did not know what the matter was, and don't to this day
 Occasionally he caught a faint film of the smoke and fell to scolding at the Arab and wondering how long he had been decaying in that way
 Our boys kept on dropping back further and further, till at last they were only in hearing, not in sight
 And every time they started gingerly forward to reconnoitre--or shoot the Arab, as they proposed to do--I let them get within good fair range of my relic (she would carry seventy yards with wonderful precision), and then wafted a whiff among them that sent them gasping and strangling to the rear again
 I kept my gun well charged and ready, and twice within the hour I decoyed the boys right up to my horse's tail, and then with one malarious blast emptied the saddles, almost
 I never heard an Arab abused so in my life
 He really owed his preservation to me, because for one entire hour I stood between him and certain death
 The boys would have killed him if they could have got by me


By and by, when the company were far in the rear, I put away my pipe--I was getting fearfully dry and crisp about the gills and rather blown with good diligent work--and spurred my animated trance up alongside the Arab and stopped him and asked for water
 He unslung his little gourd-shaped earthenware jug, and I put it under my moustache and took a long, glorious, satisfying draught
 I was going to scour the mouth of the jug a little, but I saw that I had brought the whole train together once more by my delay, and that they were all anxious to drink too--and would have been long ago if the Arab had not pretended that he was out of water
 So I hastened to pass the vessel to Davis
 He took a mouthful, and never said a word, but climbed off his horse and lay down calmly in the road
 I felt sorry for Davis
 It was too late now, though, and Dan was drinking
 Dan got down too, and hunted for a soft place
 I thought I heard Dan say, "That Arab's friends ought to keep him in alcohol or else take him out and bury him somewhere
" All the boys took a drink and climbed down
 It is not well to go into further particulars
 Let us draw the curtain upon this act



            































Well, now, to think that after three changing years I should hear from that curious old relic again, and see Dan advertising it for sale for the benefit of a benevolent object
 Dan is not treating that present right
 I gave that pipe to him for a keepsake
 However, he probably finds that it keeps away custom and interferes with business
 It is the most convincing inanimate object in all this part of the world, perhaps
 Dan and I were room-mates in all that long "Quaker City" voyage, and whenever I desired to have a little season of privacy I used to fire up on that pipe and persuade Dan to go out; and he seldom waited to change his clothes, either
 In about a quarter, or from that to three-quarters of a minute, he would be propping up the smoke-stack on the upper deck and cursing
 I wonder how the faithful old relic is going to sell?





A REMINISCENCE OF THE BACK SETTLEMENTS

"Now that corpse [said the undertaker, patting the folded hands of the deceased approvingly] was a brick--every way you took him he was a brick
 He was so real accommodating, and so modest-like and simple in his last moments
 Friends wanted metallic burial case--nothing else would do
 I couldn't get it
 There warn't going to be time--anybody could see that
 Corpse said never mind, shake him up some kind of a box he could stretch out in comfortable, he warn't particular 'bout the general style of it
 Said he went more on room than style, any way, in the last final container
 Friends wanted a silver door-plate on the coffin, signifying who he was and wher' he was from
 Now you know a fellow couldn't roust out such a gaily thing as that in a little country town like this
 What did corpse say? Corpse said, whitewash his old canoe and dob his address and general destination onto it with a blacking brush and a stencil plate, long with a verse from some likely hymn or other, and p'int him for the tomb, and mark him C
 O
 D
, and just let him skip along
 He warn't distressed any more than you be--on the contrary just as carm and collected as a hearse-horse; said he judged that wher' he was going to, a body would find it considerable better to attract attention by a picturesque moral character than a natty burial case with a swell doorplate on it
 Splendid man, he was
 I'd druther do for a corpse like that 'n any I've tackled in seven year
 There's some satisfaction in buryin' a man like that
 You feel that what you're doing is appreciated
 Lord bless you, so's he got planted before he sp'iled, he was perfectly satisfied; said his relations meant well, perfectly well, but all them preparations was bound to delay the thing more or less, and he didn't wish to be kept layin' round
 You never see such a clear head as what he had--and so carm and so cool
 Just a hunk of brains that is what he was
 Perfectly awful
 It was a ripping distance from one end of that man's head to t'other
 Often and over again he's had brain fever a-raging in one place, and the rest of the pile didn't know anything about it--didn't affect it any more than an Injun insurrection in Arizona affects the Atlantic States
 Well, the relations they wanted a big funeral, but corpse said he was down on flummery--didn't want any procession--fill the hearse full of mourners, and get out a stern line and tow him behind
 He was the most down on style of any remains I ever struck
 A beautiful, simple-minded creature--it was what he was, you can depend on that
 He was just set on having things the way he wanted them, and he took a solid comfort in laying his little plans
 He had me measure him and take a whole raft of directions; then he had a minister stand up behind a long box with a tablecloth over it and read his funeral sermon, saying 'Angcore, angcore
' at the good places, and making him scratch out every bit of brag about him, and all the hifalutin; and then he made them trot out the choir so's he could help them pick out the tunes for the occasion, and he got them to sing 'Pop Goes the Weasel,' because he'd always liked that tune when he was downhearted, and solemn music made him sad; and when they sung that with tears in their eyes (because they all loved him), and his relations grieving around, he just laid there as happy as a bug, and trying to beat time and showing all over how much he enjoyed it; and presently he got worked up and excited; and tried to join in, for mind you he was pretty proud of his abilities in the singing line; but the first time he opened his mouth and was just going to spread himself, his breath took a walk
 I never see a man snuffed out so sudden
 Ah, it was a great loss--it was a powerful loss to this poor little one-horse town
 Well, well, well, I hain't got time to be palavering along here--got to nail on the lid and mosey along with' him; and if you'll just give me a lift we'll skeet him into the hearse and meander along
 Relations bound to have it so--don't pay no attention to dying injunctions, minute a corpse's gone; but if I had my way, if I didn't respect his last wishes and tow him behind the hearse, I'll be cuss'd
 I consider that whatever a corpse wants done for his comfort is a little enough matter, and a man hain't got no right to deceive him or take advantage of him--and whatever a corpse trusts me to do I'm a-going to do, you know, even if it's to stuff him and paint him yaller and keep him for a keepsake--you hear me
"

He cracked his whip and went lumbering away with his ancient ruin of a hearse, and I continued my walk with a valuable lesson learned--that a healthy and wholesome cheerfulness is not necessarily impossible to any occupation
 The lesson is likely to be lasting, for it will take many months to obliterate the memory of the remarks and circumstances that impressed it






A ROYAL COMPLIMENT


     The latest report about the Spanish crown is, that it will now be
     offered to Prince Alfonso, the second son of the King of Portugal,
     who is but five years of age
  The Spaniards have hunted through all
     the nations of Europe for a King
  They tried to get a Portuguese in
     the person of Dom-Luis, who is an old ex-monarch; they tried to get
     an Italian, in the person of Victor Emanuel's young son, the Duke of
     Genoa; they tried to get a Spaniard, in the person of Espartero, who
     is an octogenarian
  Some of them desired a French Bourbon,
     Montpensier; some of them a Spanish Bourbon, the Prince of Asturias;
     some of them an English prince, one of the sons of Queen Victoria

     They have just tried to get the German Prince Leopold; but they have
     thought it better to give him up than take a war along with him

     It is a long time since we first suggested to them to try an
     American ruler
  We can offer them a large number of able and
     experienced sovereigns to pick from--men skilled in statesmanship,
     versed in the science of government, and adepts in all the arts of
     administration--men who could wear the crown with dignity and rule
     the kingdom at a reasonable expense


     There is not the least danger of Napoleon threatening them if they
     take an American sovereign; in fact, we have no doubt he would be
     pleased to support such a candidature
  We are unwilling to mention
     names--though we have a man in our eye whom we wish they had in
     theirs
--New York Tribune


It would be but an ostentation of modesty to permit such a pointed reference to myself to pass unnoticed
 This is the second time that 'The Tribune' (no doubt sincerely looking to the best interests of Spain and the world at large) has done me the great and unusual honour to propose me as a fit person to fill the Spanish throne
 Why 'The Tribune' should single me out in this way from the midst of a dozen Americans of higher political prominence, is a problem which I cannot solve
 Beyond a somewhat intimate knowledge of Spanish history and a profound veneration for its great names and illustrious deeds, I feel that I possess no merit that should peculiarly recommend me to this royal distinction
 I cannot deny that Spanish history has always been mother's milk to me
 I am proud of every Spanish achievement, from Hernando Cortes's victory at Thermopylae down to Vasco Nunez de Balboa's discovery of the Atlantic ocean; and of every splendid Spanish name, from Don Quixote and the Duke of Wellington down to Don Caesar de Bazan
 However, these little graces of erudition are of small consequence, being more showy than serviceable


In case the Spanish sceptre is pressed upon me--and the indications unquestionably are that it will be--I shall feel it necessary to have certain things set down and distinctly understood beforehand
 For instance: My salary must be paid quarterly in advance
 In these unsettled times it will not do to trust
 If Isabella had adopted this plan, she would be roosting on her ancestral throne to-day, for the simple reason that her subjects never could have raised three months of a royal salary in advance, and of course they could not have discharged her until they had squared up with her
 My salary must be paid in gold; when greenbacks are fresh in a country, they are too fluctuating
 My salary has got to be put at the ruling market rate; I am not going to cut under on the trade, and they are not going to trail me a long way from home and then practise on my ignorance and play me for a royal North Adams Chinaman, by any means
 As I understand it, imported kings generally get five millions a year and house-rent free
 Young George of Greece gets that
 As the revenues only yield two millions, he has to take the national note for considerable; but even with things in that sort of shape he is better fixed than he was in Denmark, where he had to eternally stand up because he had no throne to sit on, and had to give bail for his board, because a royal apprentice gets no salary there while he is learning his trade
 England is the place for that
 Fifty thousand dollars a year Great Britain pays on each royal child that is born, and this is increased from year to year as the child becomes more and more indispensable to his country
 Look at Prince Arthur
 At first he only got the usual birth-bounty; but now that he has got so that he can dance, there is simply no telling what wages he gets


I should have to stipulate that the Spanish people wash more and endeavour to get along with less quarantine
 Do you know, Spain keeps her ports fast locked against foreign traffic three-fourths of each year, because one day she is scared about the cholera, and the next about the plague, and next the measles, next the hooping cough, the hives, and the rash? but she does not mind leonine leprosy and elephantiasis any more than a great and enlightened civilisation minds freckles
 Soap would soon remove her anxious distress about foreign distempers
 The reason arable land is so scarce in Spain is because the people squander so much of it on their persons, and then when they die it is improvidently buried with them


I should feel obliged to stipulate that Marshal Serrano be reduced to the rank of constable, or even roundsman
 He is no longer fit to be City Marshal
 A man who refused to be king because he was too old and feeble, is ill qualified to help sick people to the station-house when they are armed and their form of delirium tremens is of the exuberant and demonstrative kind


I should also require that a force be sent to chase the late Queen Isabella out of France
 Her presence there can work no advantage to Spain, and she ought to be made to move at once; though, poor thing, she has been chaste enough heretofore--for a Spanish woman


I should also require that--

I am at this moment authoritatively informed that "The Tribune" did not mean me, after all
 Very well, I do not care two cents






THE APPROACHING EPIDEMIC

One calamity to which the death of Mr
 Dickens dooms this country has not awakened the concern to which its gravity entitles it
 We refer to the fact that the nation is to be lectured to death and read to death all next winter, by Tom, Dick, and Harry, with poor lamented Dickens for a pretext
 All the vagabonds who can spell will afflict the people with "readings" from Pickwick and Copperfield, and all the insignificants who have been ennobled by the notice of the great novelist or transfigured by his smile will make a marketable commodity of it now, and turn the sacred reminiscence to the practical use of procuring bread and butter
 The lecture rostrums will fairly swarm with these fortunates
 Already the signs of it are perceptible
 Behold how the unclean creatures are wending toward the dead lion and gathering to the feast:

"Reminiscences of Dickens
" A lecture
 By John Smith, who heard him read eight times


"Remembrances of Charles Dickens
" A lecture
 By John Jones, who saw him once in a street car and twice in a barber shop


"Recollections of Mr
 Dickens
" A lecture
 By John Brown, who gained a wide fame by writing deliriously appreciative critiques and rhapsodies upon the great author's public readings; and who shook hands with the great author upon various occasions, and held converse with him several times


"Readings from Dickens
" By John White, who has the great delineator's style and manner perfectly, having attended all his readings in this country and made these things a study, always practising each reading before retiring, and while it was hot from the great delineator's lips
 Upon this occasion Mr
 W
 will exhibit the remains of a cigar which he saw Mr
 Dickens smoke
 This Relic is kept in a solid silver box made purposely for it


"Sights and Sounds of the Great Novelist
" A popular lecture
 By John Gray, who waited on his table all the time he was at the Grand Hotel, New York, and still has in his possession and will exhibit to the audience a fragment of the Last Piece of Bread which the lamented author tasted in this country


"Heart Treasures of Precious Moments with Literature's Departed Monarch
" A lecture
 By Miss Serena Amelia Tryphenia McSpadden, who still wears, and will always wear, a glove upon the hand made sacred by the clasp of Dickens
 Only Death shall remove it


"Readings from Dickens
" By Mrs
 J
 O'Hooligan Murphy, who washed for him


"Familiar Talks with the Great Author
" A narrative lecture
 By John Thomas, for two weeks his valet in America


And so forth, and so on
 This isn't half the list
 The man who has a "Toothpick once used by Charles Dickens" will have to have a hearing; and the man who "once rode in an omnibus with Charles Dickens;" and the lady to whom Charles Dickens "granted the hospitalities of his umbrella during a storm;" and the person who "possesses a hole which once belonged in a handkerchief owned by Charles Dickens
" Be patient and long-suffering, good people, for even this does not fill up the measure of what you must endure next winter
 There is no creature in all this land who has had any personal relations with the late Mr
 Dickens, however slight or trivial, but will shoulder his way to the rostrum and inflict his testimony upon his helpless countrymen
 To some people it is fatal to be noticed by greatness






THE TONE-IMPARTING COMMITTEE

When I get old and ponderously respectable, only one thing will be able to make me truly happy, and that will be to be put on the Venerable Tone-Imparting committee of the city of New York, and have nothing to do but sit on the platform, solemn and imposing, along with Peter Cooper, Horace Greeley, etc
, etc
, and shed momentary fame at second hand on obscure lecturers, draw public attention to lectures which would otherwise clack eloquently to sounding emptiness, and subdue audiences into respectful hearing of all sorts of unpopular and outlandish dogmas and isms
 That is what I desire for the cheer and gratification of my gray hairs
 Let me but sit up there with those fine relics of the Old Red Sandstone Period and give Tone to an intellectual entertainment twice a week, and be so reported, and my happiness will be complete
 Those men have been my envy for a long, long time
 And no memories of my life are so pleasant as my reminiscence of their long and honorable career in the Tone-imparting service
 I can recollect that first time I ever saw them on the platforms just as well as I can remember the events of yesterday
 Horace Greeley sat on the right, Peter Cooper on the left, and Thomas Jefferson, Red Jacket, Benjamin Franklin, and John Hancock sat between them
 This was on the 22d of December, 1799, on the occasion of the state' funeral of George Washington in New York
 It was a great day, that--a great day, and a very, very sad one
 I remember that Broadway was one mass of black crape from Castle Garden nearly up to where the City Hall now stands
 The next time I saw these gentlemen officiate was at a ball given for the purpose of procuring money and medicines for the sick and wounded soldiers and sailors
 Horace Greeley occupied one side of the platform on which the musicians were exalted, and Peter Cooper the other
 There were other Tone-imparters attendant upon the two chiefs, but I have forgotten their names now
 Horace Greeley, gray-haired and beaming, was in sailor costume--white duck pants, blue shirt, open at the breast, large neckerchief, loose as an ox-bow, and tied with a jaunty sailor knot, broad turnover collar with star in the corner, shiny black little tarpaulin hat roosting daintily far back on head, and flying two gallant long ribbons
 Slippers on ample feet, round spectacles on benignant nose, and pitchfork in hand, completed Mr
 Greeley, and made him, in my boyish admiration, every inch a sailor, and worthy to be the honored great-grandfather of the Neptune he was so ingeniously representing
 I shall never forget him
 Mr
 Cooper was dressed as a general of militia, and was dismally and oppressively warlike
 I neglected to remark, in the proper place, that the soldiers and sailors in whose aid the ball was given had just been sent in from Boston--this was during the war of 1812
 At the grand national reception of Lafayette, in 1824, Horace Greeley sat on the right and Peter Cooper to the left
 The other Tone-imparters of the day are sleeping the sleep of the just now
 I was in the audience when Horace Greeley, Peter Cooper, and other chief citizens imparted tone to the great meetings in favor of French liberty, in 1848
 Then I never saw them any more until here lately; but now that I am living tolerably near the city, I run down every time I see it announced that "Horace Greeley, Peter Cooper, and several other distinguished citizens will occupy seats on the platform;" and next morning, when I read in the first paragraph of the phonographic report that "Horace Greeley, Peter Cooper, and several other distinguished citizens occupied seats on the platform," I say to myself, "Thank God, I was present
" Thus I have been enabled to see these substantial old friends of mine sit on the platform and give tone to lectures on anatomy, and lectures on agriculture, and lectures on stirpiculture, and lectures on astronomy, on chemistry, on miscegenation, on "Is Man Descended from the Kangaroo?" on veterinary matters, on all kinds of religion, and several kinds of politics; and have seen them give tone and grandeur to the Four-legged Girl, the Siamese Twins, the Great Egyptian Sword Swallower, and the Old Original Jacobs
 Whenever somebody is to lecture on a subject not of general interest, I know that my venerated Remains of the Old Red Sandstone Period will be on the platform; whenever a lecturer is to appear whom nobody has heard of before, nor will be likely to seek to see, I know that the real benevolence of my old friends will be taken advantage of, and that they will be on the platform (and in the bills) as an advertisement; and whenever any new and obnoxious deviltry in philosophy, morals, or politics is to be sprung upon the people, I know perfectly well that these intrepid old heroes will be on the platform too, in the interest of full and free discussion, and to crush down all narrower and less generous souls with the solid dead weight of their awful respectability
 And let us all remember that while these inveterate and imperishable presiders (if you please) appear on the platform every night in the year as regularly as the volunteered piano from Steinway's or Chickering's, and have bolstered up and given tone to a deal of questionable merit and obscure emptiness in their time, they have also diversified this inconsequential service by occasional powerful uplifting and upholding of great progressive ideas which smaller men feared to meddle with or countenance






OUR PRECIOUS LUNATIC

 [From the Buffalo Express, Saturday, May 14, 1870
]


                                             New YORK, May 10


The Richardson-McFarland jury had been out one hour and fifty minutes
 A breathless silence brooded over court and auditory--a silence and a stillness so absolute, notwithstanding the vast multitude of human beings packed together there, that when some one far away among the throng under the northeast balcony cleared his throat with a smothered little cough it startled everybody uncomfortably, so distinctly did it grate upon the pulseless air
 At that imposing moment the bang of a door was heard, then the shuffle of approaching feet, and then a sort of surging and swaying disorder among the heads at the entrance from the jury-room told them that the Twelve were coming
 Presently all was silent again, and the foreman of the jury rose and said:

"Your Honor and Gentleman: We, the jury charged with the duty of determining whether the prisoner at the bar, Daniel McFarland, has been guilty of murder, in taking by surprise an unarmed man and shooting him to death, or whether the prisoner is afflicted with a sad but irresponsible insanity which at times can be cheered only by violent entertainment with firearms, do find as follows, namely:

"That the prisoner, Daniel McFarland, is insane as above described
 Because:

"1
 His great grandfather's stepfather was tainted with insanity, and frequently killed people who were distasteful to him
 Hence, insanity is hereditary in the family


"2
 For nine years the prisoner at the bar did not adequately support his family
 Strong circumstantial evidence of insanity


"3
 For nine years he made of his home, as a general thing, a poor-house; sometimes (but very rarely) a cheery, happy habitation; frequently the den of a beery, drivelling, stupefied animal; but never, as far as ascertained, the abiding place of a gentleman
 These be evidences of insanity


"4
 He once took his young unmarried sister-in-law to the museum; while there his hereditary insanity came upon him to such a degree that he hiccupped and staggered; and afterward, on the way home, even made love to the young girl he was protecting
 These are the acts of a person not in his right mind


"5
 For a good while his sufferings were so great that he had to submit to the inconvenience of having his wife give public readings for the family support; and at times, when he handed these shameful earnings to the barkeeper, his haughty soul was so torn with anguish that he could hardly stand without leaning against something
 At such times he has been known to shed tears into his sustenance till it diluted to utter inefficiency
 Inattention of this nature is not the act of a Democrat unafflicted in mind


"6
 He never spared expense in making his wife comfortable during her occasional confinements
 Her father is able to testify to this
 There was always an element of unsoundness about the prisoner's generosities that is very suggestive at this time and before this court


"7
 Two years ago the prisoner came fearlessly up behind Richardson in the dark, and shot him in the leg
 The prisoner's brave and protracted defiance of an adversity that for years had left him little to depend upon for support but a wife who sometimes earned scarcely anything for weeks at a time, is evidence that he would have appeared in front of Richardson and shot him in the stomach if he had not been insane at the time of the shooting


"8
 Fourteen months ago the prisoner told Archibald Smith that he was going to kill Richardson
 This is insanity


"9
 Twelve months ago he told Marshall P
 Jones that he was going to kill Richardson
 Insanity


"10
 Nine months ago he was lurking about Richardson's home in New Jersey, and said he was going to kill Richardson
 Insanity


"11
 Seven months ago he showed a pistol to Seth Brown and said that that was for Richardson
 He said Brown testified that at that time it seemed plain that something was the matter with McFarland, for he crossed the street diagonally nine times in fifty yards, apparently without any settled reason for doing so, and finally fell in the gutter and went to sleep
 He remarked at the time that McFarland acted strange--believed he was insane
 Upon hearing Brown's evidence, John W
 Galen, M
D
, affirmed at once that McFarland was insane


"12
 Five months ago, McFarland showed his customary pistol, in his customary way, to his bed-fellow, Charles A
 Dana, and told him he was going to kill Richardson the first time an opportunity offered
 Evidence of insanity


"13
 Five months and two weeks ago McFarland asked John Morgan the time of day, and turned and walked rapidly away without waiting for an answer
 Almost indubitable evidence of insanity
 And--

"14
 It is remarkable that exactly one week after this circumstance, the prisoner, Daniel McFarland, confronted Albert D
 Richardson suddenly and without warning, and shot him dead
 This is manifest insanity
 Everything we know of the prisoner goes to show that if he had been sane at the time, he would have shot his victim from behind


"15
 There is an absolutely overwhelming mass of testimony to show that an hour before the shooting, McFarland was ANXIOUS AND UNEASY, and that five minutes after it he was EXCITED
 Thus the accumulating conjectures and evidences of insanity culminate in this sublime and unimpeachable proof of it
 Therefore--

"Your Honor and Gentlemen--We the jury pronounce the said Daniel McFarland INNOCENT OF MURDER, BUT CALAMITOUSLY INSANE
"

The scene that ensued almost defies description
 Hats, handkerchiefs and bonnets were frantically waved above the massed heads in the courtroom, and three tremendous cheers and a tiger told where the sympathies of the court and people were
 Then a hundred pursed lips were advanced to kiss the liberated prisoner, and many a hand thrust out to give him a congratulatory shake--but presto
 with a maniac's own quickness and a maniac's own fury the lunatic assassin of Richardson fell upon his friends with teeth and nails, boots and office furniture, and the amazing rapidity with which he broke heads and limbs, and rent and sundered bodies, till nearly a hundred citizens were reduced to mere quivering heaps of fleshy odds and ends and crimson rags, was like nothing in this world but the exultant frenzy of a plunging, tearing, roaring devil of a steam machine when it snatches a human being and spins him and whirls him till he shreds away to nothingness like a "Four o'clock" before the breath of a child


The destruction was awful
 It is said that within the space of eight minutes McFarland killed and crippled some six score persons and tore down a large portion of the City Hall building, carrying away and casting into Broadway six or seven marble columns fifty-four feet long and weighing nearly two tons each
 But he was finally captured and sent in chains to the lunatic asylum for life


(By late telegrams it appears that this is a mistake
--Editor Express
)

But the really curious part of this whole matter is yet to be told
 And that is, that McFarland's most intimate friends believe that the very next time that it ever occurred to him that the insanity plea was not a mere politic pretense, was when the verdict came in
 They think that the startling thought burst upon him then, that if twelve good and true men, able to comprehend all the baseness of perjury, proclaimed under oath that he was a lunatic, there was no gainsaying such evidence and that he UNQUESTIONABLY WAS INSANE


Possibly that was really the way of it
 It is dreadful to think that maybe the most awful calamity that can befall a man, namely, loss of reason, was precipitated upon this poor prisoner's head by a jury that could have hanged him instead, and so done him a mercy and his country a service



                             POSTSCRIPT-LATER

May 11--I do not expect anybody to believe so astounding a thing, and yet it is the solemn truth that instead of instantly sending the dangerous lunatic to the insane asylum (which I naturally supposed they would do, and so I prematurely said they had) the court has actually SET HIM AT LIBERTY
 Comment is unnecessary
 M
 T






THE EUROPEAN WARS--[From the Buffalo Express, July 25, 1870
]


                               First Day
                          THE EUROPEAN WAR




                            NO BATTLE YET



                        HOSTILITIES IMMINENT



                         TREMENDOUS EXCITEMENT

                            AUSTRIA ARMING

                                                  BERLIN, Tuesday


No battle has been fought yet
 But hostilities may burst forth any week


There is tremendous excitement here over news from the front that two companies of French soldiers are assembling there


It is rumoured that Austria is arming--what with, is not known



                      
























                               Second Day
                            THE EUROPEAN WAR

                             NO BATTLE YET

                           FIGHTING IMMINENT

                           AWFUL EXCITEMENT

                       RUSSIA SIDES WITH PRUSSIA

                           ENGLAND NEUTRAL


                          AUSTRIA NOT ARMING

                                                  BERLIN, Wednesday


No battle has been fought yet
 However, all thoughtful men feel that the land may be drenched with blood before the Summer is over


There is an awful excitement here over the rumour that two companies of Prussian troops have concentrated on the border
 German confidence remains unshaken



There is news to the effect that Russia espouses the cause of Prussia and will bring 4,000,000 men to the field


England proclaims strict neutrality


The report that Austria is arming needs confirmation



                      


























                               Third Day
                            THE EUROPEAN WAR

                             NO BATTLE YET

                          BLOODSHED IMMINENT


                         ENORMOUS EXCITEMENT


                         INVASION OF PRUSSIA


                          INVASION OF FRANCE


                       RUSSIA SIDES WITH FRANCE

                         ENGLAND STILL NEUTRAL

                             FIRING HEARD

                      THE EMPEROR TO TAKE COMMAND

                                                  PARIS, Thursday


No battle has been fought yet
 But Field Marshal McMahon telegraphs thus to the Emperor:

"If the Frinch army survoives until Christmas there'll be throuble
 Forninst this fact it would be sagacious if the divil wint the rounds of his establishment to prepare for the occasion, and tuk the precaution to warrum up the Prussian depairtment a bit agin the day
 MIKE
"

There is an enormous state of excitement here over news from the front to the effect that yesterday France and Prussia were simultaneously invaded by the two bodies of troops which lately assembled on the border
 Both armies conducted their invasions secretly and are now hunting around for each other on opposite sides of the border


Russia espouses the cause of France
 She will bring 200,000 men to the field


England continues to remain neutral


Firing was heard yesterday in the direction of Blucherberg, and for a while the excitement was intense
 However the people reflected that the country in that direction is uninhabitable, and impassable by anything but birds, they became quiet again


The Emperor sends his troops to the field with immense enthusiasm
 He will lead them in person, when they return



                      






















                               Fourth Day
                           THE EUROPEAN WAR


                            NO BATTLE YET


                        THE TROOPS GROWING OLD

                      BUT BITTER STRIFE IMMINENT

                         PRODIGIOUS EXCITEMENT

                THE INVASIONS SUCCESSFULLY ACCOMPLISHED
                         AND THE INVADERS SAFE

                      RUSSIA SIDES WITH BOTH SIDES
                        ENGLAND WILL FIGHT BOTH

                                                  LONDON, Friday


No battle has been fought thus far, but a million impetuous soldiers are gritting their teeth at each other across the border, and the most serious fears entertained that if they do not die of old age first, there will be bloodshed in this war yet


The prodigious patriotic excitement goes on
 In Prussia, per Prussian telegrams, though contradicted from France
 In France, per French telegrams, though contradicted from Prussia


The Prussian invasion of France was a magnificent success
 The military failed to find the French, but made good their return to Prussia without the loss of a single man
 The French invasion of Prussia is also demonstrated to have been a brilliant and successful achievement
 The army failed to find the Prussians, but made good their return to the Vaterland without bloodshed, after having invaded as much as they wanted to


There is glorious news from Russia to the effect that she will side with both sides


Also from England--she will fight both sides



                      





















 LONDON, Thursday evening


I rushed over too soon
 I shall return home on Tuesday's steamer and wait until the war begins
 M
 T






THE WILD MAN INTERVIEWED [From the Buffalo Express, September 18, 1869
]

There has been so much talk about the mysterious "wild man" out there in the West for some time, that I finally felt it was my duty to go out and interview him
 There was something peculiarly and touchingly romantic about the creature and his strange actions, according to the newspaper reports
 He was represented as being hairy, long-armed, and of great strength and stature; ugly and cumbrous; avoiding men, but appearing suddenly and unexpectedly to women and children; going armed with a club, but never molesting any creature, except sheep, or other prey; fond of eating and drinking, and not particular about the quality, quantity, or character of the beverages and edibles; living in the woods like a wild beast, but never angry; moaning, and sometimes howling, but never uttering articulate sounds


Such was "Old Shep" as the papers painted him
 I felt that the story of his life must be a sad one--a story of suffering, disappointment, and exile--a story of man's inhumanity to man in some shape or other--and I longed to persuade the secret from him



                      






















"Since you say you are a member of the press," said the wild man, "I am willing to tell you all you wish to know
 Bye and bye you will comprehend why it is that I wish to unbosom myself to a newspaper man when I have so studiously avoided conversation with other people
 I will now unfold my strange story
 I was born with the world we live upon, almost
 I am the son of Cain
"

"What?"

"I was present when the flood was announced
"

"Which?"

"I am the father of the Wandering Jew
"

"Sir?"

I moved out of range of his club, and went on taking notes, but keeping a wary eye on him all the while
 He smiled a melancholy smile and resumed:

"When I glance back over the dreary waste of ages, I see many a glimmering and mark that is familiar to my memory
 And oh, the leagues I have travelled
 the things I have seen
 the events I have helped to emphasise
 I was at the assassination of Caesar
 I marched upon Mecca with Mahomet
 I was in the Crusades, and stood with Godfrey when he planted the banner of the cross on the battlements of Jerusalem
 I--"

"One moment, please
 Have you given these items to any other journal? Can I--"

"Silence
 I was in the Pinta's shrouds with Columbus when America burst upon his vision
 I saw Charles I beheaded
 I was in London when the Gunpowder Plot was discovered
 I was present at the trial of Warren Hastings
 I was on American soil when the battle of Lexington was fought when the declaration was promulgated--when Cornwallis surrendered--When Washington died
 I entered Paris with Napoleon after Elba
 I was present when you mounted your guns and manned your fleets for the war of 1812--when the South fired upon Sumter--when Richmond fell--when the President's life was taken
 In all the ages I have helped to celebrate the triumphs of genius, the achievements of arms, the havoc of storm, fire, pestilence, famine
"

"Your career has been a stirring one
 Might I ask how you came to locate in these dull Kansas woods, when you have been so accustomed to excitement during what I might term so protracted a period, not to put too fine a point on it?"

"Listen
 Once I was the honoured servitor of the noble and illustrious" (here he heaved a sigh, and passed his hairy hand across his eyes) "but in these degenerate days I am become the slave of quack doctors and newspapers
 I am driven from pillar to post and hurried up and down, sometimes with stencil-plate and paste-brush to defile the fences with cabalistic legends, and sometimes in grotesque and extravagant character at the behest of some driving journal
 I attended to that Ocean Bank robbery some weeks ago, when I was hardly rested from finishing up the pow-wow about the completion of the Pacific Railroad; immediately I was spirited off to do an atrocious, murder for the benefit of the New York papers; next to attend the wedding of a patriarchal millionaire; next to raise a hurrah about the great boat race; and then, just when I had begun to hope that my old bones would have a rest, I am bundled off to this howling wilderness to strip, and jibber, and be ugly and hairy, and pull down fences and waylay sheep, and waltz around with a club, and play 'Wild Man' generally--and all to gratify the whim of a bedlam of crazy newspaper scribblers? From one end of the continent to the other, I am described as a gorilla, with a sort of human seeming about me--and all to gratify this quill-driving scum of the earth
"

"Poor old carpet bagger
"

"I have been served infamously, often, in modern and semi-modern times
 I have been compelled by base men to create fraudulent history, and to perpetrate all sorts of humbugs
 I wrote those crazy Junius letters, I moped in a French dungeon for fifteen years, and wore a ridiculous Iron Mask; I poked around your Northern forests, among your vagabond Indians, a solemn French idiot, personating the ghost of a dead Dauphin, that the gaping world might wonder if we had 'a Bourbon among us'; I have played sea-serpent off Nahant, and Woolly-Horse and What-is-it for the museums; I have interviewed politicians for the Sun, worked up all manner of miracles for the Herald, ciphered up election returns for the World, and thundered Political Economy through the Tribune
 I have done all the extravagant things that the wildest invention could contrive, and done them well, and this is my reward--playing Wild Man in Kansas without a shirt
"

"Mysterious being, a light dawns vaguely upon me--it grows apace--what--what is your name
"

"SENSATION
"
 "Hence, horrible shape
"

It spoke again:

"Oh pitiless fate, my destiny hounds me once more
 I am called
 I go
 Alas, is there no rest for me?"

In a moment the Wild Man's features seemed to soften and refine, and his form to assume a more human grace and symmetry
 His club changed to a spade, and he shouldered it and started away sighing profoundly and shedding tears


"Whither, poor shade?"

"TO DIG UP THE BYRON FAMILY
"
 Such was the response that floated back upon the wind as the sad spirit shook its ringlets to the breeze, flourished its shovel aloft, and disappeared beyond the brow of the hill


All of which is in strict accordance with the facts


